Great CD: My lovely Pat has one of the GREAT voices of her generation. I have listened to this CD for YEARS and I still LOVE IT. When I'm in a good mood it makes me feel better. A bad mood just evaporates like sugar in the rain. This CD just oozes LIFE. Vocals are jusat STUUNNING and lyrics just kill. One of life's hidden gems. This is a desert isle CD in my book. Why she never made it big is just beyond me. Everytime I play this, no matter black, white, young, old, male, female EVERYBODY says one thing "Who was that singing ?"
One of the best game music soundtracks - for a game I didn't really play: Despite the fact that I have only played a small portion of the game, the music I heard (plus the connection to Chrono Trigger which was great as well) led me to purchase the soundtrack, and it remains one of my favorite albums. There is an incredible mix of fun, epic, and emotional songs. Those sad and beautiful tracks I especially like, as there's not too many of those kinds of songs in my other video game soundtracks. I must admit that one of the songs (Life-A Distant Promise) has brought tears to my eyes on many occasions.My one complaint about this soundtrack is that they use guitar fretting effects in many of the songs, which I find distracting. But even if those weren't included I would still consider the collection worth it.
Batteries died within a year ...: I bought this charger in Jul 2003 and it worked OK for a while. The design is nice and convenient. However, after about a year, the batteries would not hold a charge. Might as well just get alkaline disposables, or look elsewhere for a charger that comes with batteries that have better staying power.
works fine, but Maha Energy is better: Check out Maha Energy's website. Their Powerex MH-C204F charger works in 100 minutes for rapid charge, with option for slower charge (better for batteries). And they have 2200 mAh batteries.
Great for the non-audiophile: Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines. I am weaning off my VHS collection, but don't want to replace them with DVD's. This unit is well built, easy to setup and resolution and special effects (no progressive scan for HDTV owners) suitable for many people looking for a versatile product.Cons- No universal remote.
DVD Player crapped out after one year: I also began having the incorrect disc problems that I've read about on here. The VCR still works, but hte DVD side is useless. I understand that DVD players sometimes just quit on you, but after not even one year? To me that's a sign on bad quality. I'm giving up JVC after this as well. I'm sticking to Sony or giving another brand a shot.
Incorrect Disc: I love the style of this, but after a couple years, the DVD is giving me problems. It doesn't even work anymore and I use my broken PS2 Now. I wouldn't recommend this, I'm just going to upgrade to a recorder now. I wish it would work but I guess i'm giving up on JVC. I really did like this one... before it stopped working. The dvd player gave me problems probably after a year of having it.
DVD menu select problems: I cannot scroll through a DVD menu that is set up vertically. The triangle keys will only select horizontally. So I cannot select anything on most DVD's besides play. No special features, no language select, nothing, just play.
Unique Weird Orientalia from the 1930's: Exotic tales of the Orient from the 1930's. "Dr Shen Fu", a Weird Tales magazine reprint, is about the elixir of life that grants immortality at a price. If you're tired of modern authors who all sound alike, this is the antidote for you. Owen's palette is loaded with splashes of Chinese and Japanese colours. Marvelous.
Not an "ultimate guide": Firstly,I enjoyed the format and tone of the book (how the author addressed the reader). However, I did not feel that she imparted any insider secrets that the book promised to reveal. If you are just starting to research law school, and do not know all the requirements of admission, then this book may be a tremendous help. If you have done your homework and are looking for an edge when it comes to admissions, I recommend some more topic-specific books. For example, books on how to write your personal statment, books geared specifically towards LSAT preparation (Powerscore books were the most helpful for me), and there are some websites with great advice geared towards aiding the individuals whom you are asking to write letters of recommendation. Yet, for those new to the entire affair, this book can definitely clarify the requirements for you.
Great book for travelling Europe: I currently live in Europe, and this is the book I recommend for my visitors. It covers many countries, colour pictures, and is a nice starter for before you go, and once you are there.
Not!: If you want to listen to El Duke , then it is better if you have access to his shower,this is not him, it is a gimmick,very well orchestrated.
A complete Bust: This game requires quicktime 5.0 to work...if you have a better version of quicktime (I have 7.5), it will ask you to install the quicktime available on the CD...if you click no, it will not let you play. So, I begrudgingly clicked yes on the third try, and it installed quicktime 5, THEN it tells me to please install the quicktime available on the disc. It KEPT telling me that, even after I uninstalled my version of quicktime 7.5, and reinstalled Barbie Rapunzel and quicktime 5. Very frustrating, and the game absolutely will not work for me. It keeps telling me over and over, to install quicktime 5, tho I've been through the installation process repeatedly. It is NOT my "operating system limitations". This is a brand new computer...merely weeks old with all the state of the art contraptions.
TRULY MADE A DIFFERENCE!: I have been using this product for a couple years now. I started using it because my hair had gotten so dry from all the chemical treatments and relaxers. This actualy came in the relaxer kit. I tried it and could not beleive the difference it made with one use. I could not find it in any of the stores at the time so I searched Amazon and they had it. I absolutely love it. It is the best moisturizing product I have used so far. My hair is soft with good elasticity and it is not breaking anywhere close to what it was. I am very happy with it.
didn't run off of USB bus power: Was hoping that this drive would run off of bus power, but it required the adapter to actually work. :( I sent it back.
Don't buy!: First of all, the company took my money and sent me an email telling me the product was shipped. A week and a half later I received another email telling me that they are sorry, but they don't actually have any of these items, and if I received an email telling me it has shipped, it was a mistake.When I finally got my money back, I went through another company to buy the product and it won't work with my phone, even though it depicts that it will. I have sent numerous emails to the company - I can't actually find a phone number on their website - and I still have not gotten any kind of response. What kind of customer service is that? No one will help me with this problem. My advice - don't waste your money!
Simple, Durable, Fun game for all ages: This is an AWESOME game! Almost everyone know tic-tac-toe so it is EASY to learn and quick to play. You can't play just once! The twist is that your pieces are slightly different sizes - just big enough to gobble up your opponent. The first person to make tic-tac-toe wins, but it's not as easy as it looks when you're stuck in the mindset of just making three in a row and forget about the gobbling possibilities! My 4 and 5 year olds will beat me even when I'm trying to win! Excellent beginning critical thinking game. Grandparents loved playing it with the kids too.
Review of Kelly Club for Toddlers: For the price of 7.99, this PC game is WELL worth it, great graphics, colorful and lots to do! My four year old daughter is in love with the many tasks to complete in this game, including dressing and grooming wide variety of pets and decoration of numerous floats to show in your little one's very own parade.
SOY UN APASIONADO DEL BOX: Y ESTE LIBRO ESTÁ ESPLÉNDIDO !Lo disfrutas, lo puedes usar como obra de consultaNos trae LAS HISTORIA DE LOS BOXEADORES MÁS BRILLANTES, DE LOS CAMPEONES DURANTE CIEN AÑOS !!Si te gusta el box...¡NO TE LO PIERDAS !
Some of the best fiddle playing I have heard in a long time: This is an excellent album with some great fiddle playing. Ryan is amazing to watch when he plays in person. You can feel the emotion he puts into each song.
Long and boring: I've read this book with much expectation, it was very boring all through out the book
Dont like it: This product smells when you open the package and it appears one of the gel cushions leaks so I spent $10 and havent worn then. I wouldnt buy this product again. Dont waste your money on something you may not be able to use.
one of the last in the series to collect !: The magazine was in very good condition and had the usual high standard of articles and photos that Victoria magazine has come to represent. I have collected all the previous magazines of the series and still enjoy leafing through them on a rainy day
Sony Hi8 Camcorder with 2.5 LCD: I believe I will be very happy with the camcorder. Its small,light and easy to handle.The LCD is clear and bright.Ease of operation.
Don't Take the Chance - Get the SE Branded Cable: If you purchase this data cable, you need to know that you will receive no real directions or information regarding what to check if nothing works. As directed, I downloaded all of the files from the SE site (70MB on dial up!), and then downloaded all of the user guides. Everything seemed to install ok, but nothing would make my phone be recognized. After that I scoured the SE site for troubleshooting info on their branded cable-in the hope that something would help me figure out the problem. After 2 full days of beating my head against the wall, I finally threw the cable and the useless CD that came with it in the trash.If I had used my brain I would have paid the extra $$ for a SE branded cable and software (and the support that comes along with that). I now have the real deal (SE data cable and software), and guess what? Yep, installation was a breeze and it works beautifully. You really do get what you pay for.
Waste of money!: Like many of the Barbie CD Roms, the playtime is limited - averaging about 5 mins for each of my two daughters (ages 5 & 7). Like the Barbie movies and other CD Roms the graphics are poorly done.
works great: i bought this item to connect to a strobe light. unit functions well. not sure that it has all the range claimed, but i never really believe everything a manufacturer claims about a product like this. just too many variables. I can say it works from my neighbors house into my garage; at least 40' going thru two buildings. now if i make too much noise later at night he can simply press a button to let me know.
Has No Range: I suppose if you were going to sit in the same room and have line-of-sight with the device, lamp, etc. plugged into this control, it might work. Maybe. But I had it completely within the stated range and one basic house wall separating me and the unit, and it was completely unreliable.I'd recommend spending a touch more money and getting a higher quality product.
wish i had gotten this sooner!: ive got a lamp in the corner of my room behind my desk thats a complete pain in the arse to turn on and off. ive been using this with the lamp for a month now and it works perfectly. added a little velcro and now i have a light switch where ever i want. under my desk, shelf, etc.
Three Days of Use and It Broke: Very disappointed in this product. It worked perfectly for exactly three days and could not be resuscitated. It was very inexpensive so I did not want to pay half again the price to ship it back for an exchange, so the company would do nothing when they sent me an inquiry as to product satisfaction.
This is the all time best book!: This is the all time best book. She mentoins in the book how anyone can be a vampire, who knows. Well anyway I like the idea of having one soulmate and one crazed werewolf crush. P.S I think that it is a good twist on the story about how anone can be part of the night world.
Mary Ash: Can't believe I have never reviewed this book before. First read this back when I was 13. Like a lot of girls wanting the mysterious boyfriend and believed in soul-mates which drug me into these books. Rereading it over time years later still stands the test of time for me. Ash is that bad boy you want and your parents want you to stay away from even though he seems like a jerk there is just something about him that make you wanna root for him.
Tha BOMB of a book!!: L.J. Smith is the best author in the whole world. I read this book a year ago but I can't stop reading it. It is beyond sweet. I love Ash.The entire Night World seris is the bomb. I read mostly everyone of L.J Smiths book and they all are awesome. I think Ash and Mary Lynetee are one of the sweetest soulmates. I loved how they tried to fight there feelings but couldn't. There should be real guys like Ash,Quinn,Juliun,Damon,Gabriel and I can go on forever. I think everyone should read at least one L.J Smith book. If you do you'll be hooked on them for life,like I am. L.J Smith is the BEST!!!!
This book was a great book that i have read many times!: This book was so great! I loved and read it so many times that i will soon have to buy a new copy because my last one fell apart. I just hope that there is a follow up on this story because I want to know if Mary-Lynette and Ash get together.
They'd watch it nonstop if I'd let them: apart from it arriving broken the first time, my kids are loving this DVD, which I alternate with the other I purchased to keep my own sanity. This DVD has created a Thomas fan out of my 3 1/2 yr. old daughter as well.
Not as expected...: My children get easily bored with this video. I thought it was several episodes of Thomas but it has A LOT of just children and parents talking about Thomas and all. It doesn't keep the kids attention because what kid wants to sit and listen to a bunch of talking. This was my first Thomas video purchase...hopefully the next will have more shows and less talking!
Wonderful: I went online for information about Dockers Khaki pants. The size my husband wears are very hard to find in stores. I was very impressed with the selection I had and he was thrilled to have all these pants without having them taken up in the length. The delivery was quick (especially during Christmas) and I really appreciate all the effort made to send us the selections we chose.
Doublecharged for shipping because merchant was backordered: Merchant was out of stock on the second pair of pants, so when it was shipped I was charged $9 again when the second pair was in stock weeks later.Will not buy from Amazon vendors again.
Book of Chance: I had just finished reading 'The Food of Love' by Anthony Capella since I had nothing to do, but read. Mind you, reading is one of my favorite pastimes.I had recently bought a series of books. The Food of Love was just one of the books I just picked up so I can get that 'three for the price of two' deal at Waterstones in London (British's equivalent of Barnes&Noble;). I wasn't really interested, but it was one of the more interesting options I had. Well, I'm glad I made the right choice! I started reading it last night and I haven't put it down since.If you love food and a little romance, which I am both fond of, it's an excellent book to read. Mr. Capella was remarkably thorough in his description of the rich and textured Italian dishes that the words assails you with a sense of smell and taste that leaves you hungry for more. This book took me by surprise and I'm sure you would not be disappointed.
Light reading, light in substance: A clichéd storyline based on the classic Cyrano de Bergerac, this book reads like a rookie novel written by someone who has a knowledge and passion for Italian culture and cuisine, but little experience in developing a story. I can understand Bruno and his passion for cooking, but have no clue as to his passion for Laura. It seems to be primarily based on her being a blonde American. How exotic. Her character is so underdeveloped- we know she's studying art history, and she enjoys Bruno's cooking with a passion. That's about it. And Tomasso, he's just the cliché for any over-sexed Mediterranean male who encounters foreign females.It's a light and entertaining read if you can get beyond all of the reasons you should put it down and walk away. That being said, I will, however, check out this author's more recent novels. He does seem to have a way with technical details, hopefully his storytelling has caught up.
WeiB FOREVER!: This is a great CD!! I love WeiB Kreuz!! The anime is awsome! Its bout 4 guys (hhhooottt) who work at a flower shop, but at night they are the White Hunters (or Byce as in the anime) they are assasins that "hunt the tomorrow" of Bad guys, the bad guys the police cant get . Like when teens start blowing up in flames in public for no reason... from a strange gas substance that w/ instant contact ingulfs any object... but i couldnt resist. Its also an emotional anime at times! I think this is a Cd and Anime any anime fan should see...
Great Book--unacceptable condition: I was looking forward to receiving this book, as I was going to New Orleans to Antoine's restaurant. I read the book at least thirty years ago and wanted my own copy. This book came without a dust jacket and was so musty that I could not read it without my eyes watering. I sent it back, at my own expense, and to date, I have not had a refund.
Real HTML for people who build sites for a living: This book is simply great! If you build sites for a living you probably struggle with books that trivialize HTML and present its syntax willy-nilly. This book is the ONLY book I've ever seen that actually seems to be written by someone who builds sites professionally and wants to know all the markup. It explains logical and physical tagging styles well and does a really good job showing how to hook HTML with other technologies without trying to teach CGI, CSS, etc. at the same time. The only thing I wish is that this guy would write a JavaScript or DHTML book. I'd buy that right away.
Marriage has its good and bad moments: This is a tear-jerker mixed with humor. A lot of rough patches for this couple but don't let that scare you off because there are also a lot of good times, too. I watch this movie often as I am a hopeless romantic and I thoroughly enjoy the music and dancing (Hindi style & Pop Rock mix), plus it's worth wading through the tears to get to the fun parts. It ends the way a typical relationship of this type would, but that's not exactly a bad thing in this case. I recommend it to everyone.
Amazing...: love it...very touch.it's to bad that in the dvd description doesn't mention no subtitles
Leslie in a nutshell: Danelectro DJ-20C Rocky Road Spin Speaker Mini Effects Pedal, is an amazing little pedal!I use it with guitar, and keyboards.Using with Keyboards, organ mode(doesn't matter which type) jazz, rock, gives me an instant controllable Leslie effects.it includes fast and slow ramp up,boost, volume/drive. thru a mixer in stereo you can do some amazing stuff with this inexpensive unit.The only drawback i have found is the buttons are very hard to engage and disengage.But i'm working on that. i will modify the springs if possible and maybe even send a recommendation to Danelectro.
More Romance Please and Less Mystery!!: the reason i gave two stars when I usually give 5 stars for ms. feehan's books is b/c this book was tooooooo mystery/gothic genre rather than romance. I really didn't feel like the two main characters were in love, in fact the entire book was almost entirely from the heroine's point of view and I was getting sick of her whining and her point of view. unlike the "dark" series, you really didnt feel any passion. the book is better suited for the mystery/gothic genre and NOT romance.even the mystery was not that good! its only in the last chapter that for some unforseen reason the villain confesses all in less than three pages. throughout the entire book, you're kept in suspense of who was the bad guy, if you wanted to know who it was look at the last couple of pages....Ms. Feehan, if your reading, please focuse more on the main characters relation to each other rather then distract us with so much unamusing mystery!
A Lost Author: I have read all of the Carpathian novels to date, except one. I very much enjoyed them at first, but nothing EVER gets resolved. You would think that after 16 books something would have been resolved and a new obstacle introduced. As for this book, it is an off-shoot of another Carpathian novel about the Jaguar Line. I was hoping to find out more about this curse, the origins and why the males kill the females. Nothing, not a word about the Jaguar curse. And why do the walls and ceilings change? Ideas introduced and left at that. Ms. Feehan went, once again, off on a tagent. Her books become less and less meaty and more and more expensive. I will NOT be buying any further books by this author. What a shame.
Okay but Messy....: We purchased this bag for a vacation we were taking a cruise and we wanted to use it when we left the ship. The bag was convenient to carry, however the faux leather began peeling. At first it wasn't so bad but then it became annoying because it then began flaking all over your skin and clothes. I would have rather the bag been a cloth bag with no flaking than the faux leather that I had to keep wisking away from my skin and clothes.
Patricia Cornwell has turned me into a reader: I was never really a big reader before and somebody put me on to Patricia Cornwell. Well, now I can't put her books down. Her books just get better and better as you go through the Kay Scarpetta series.I really enjoy the series concept and the fact that some of the same characters keep returning from book to book. It's nice to see the characters develop through each story line. It allows you to get comfortable with them, get close to them, and get frustrated with them when they do something out of character.I highly recommend reading not just this book but the entire Kay Scarpetta series.
Best of the First Four in this series.: This is an awesome book. Kay just keeps getting better and better. It's also fun to see the characters develop more with each book - Kay herself as she seems to be always "one against the world", Marino who it appears is heading towards some sort of heart attack, Lucy who seems to be getting more and more quixotic. In this book Kay finds herself smack in the middle of a series of gruesome killings. It appears that a recently executed murderer, who Kay herself has seen on her autopsy table, is still around committing crimes. A number of murders occur where the executed murderer's fingerprints are turning up. Kay, Marino and Benton try to track a killer, but it appears that the corruption goes up a long ways into the political stratosphere. This is a taut and totally believable thriller. I can't wait until the next one because the book ended with the way wide open to the next installment.
Great Beginning...poor ending: Parricia Corwell, Cruel & Unusual was breathtaking in the beginning! Her relation to her family, her dedication to her work exeptional. However, this story began to get boring towards the end...the ending, not too great.
12 Y/O Potty Humor From 40 somethings does not a comedy make....: Saw this movie and felt compelled to warn people not to waste 144 agonizing minutes of their lives. In a nutshell, I have heard many more clever jokes and "one-liners" watching King of Queens on cable.....SERIOUSLY FOLKS, it's THAT BAD....the bad jokes and the 23 references to small jewish penises got old real quick. Thought i would always be a Sandler fan but he clearly, Adam was in need of some rent money and jumped on this script for the cash and RAN!Why else would the plot line include Seth Rogan writing for him??? To put things into perspective, this film made Bruno look like Casablanca!!
I wish Adam Sandler wasn't in this.: I should have known going into this movie having Judd Apatow a part of it would mean I would hate it. However, having Adam Sandler in it and seeing the previews in the theater we gave it a (very hopeful) chance. The movie loses it's true premise of having depth in amongst the terrible & crude "jokes". I have to say we didn't make it more than 30 minutes into the movie before turning it off. It is a constant barrage of pathetic behavior. I just don't believe that there are this many people out here that are like this and can relate to this behavior. Very Disappointing.
Wonderful, baffling mix: This has just about everything. The rabbi, of course, is learned and devout, even if his schooling causes some nervousness. The cat becomes fantastical when some mystery grants him human speech. The visit abroad captures all the distrust of the alien that the most insular of small-towners can summon. And, around all of that, the monotonous drama of life unfolds: loves, losses, and changes that no one knows how to ride out.Comics have moved well past the BamPow genre into many other idioms - this might border on chick lit, but much less than some. If reality and fantasy remain negotiable for you, with deep family devotions and deeper (or shallower) personal ones, the ragged lines of this comic might touch you.-- wiredweird
No another grill like this...: This grill is one of its kind...It can be use anywhere without so much hard work..it fits snugly anywhere....
Disappointment at it's extreme: I had never read this author, but knew of many who did. When I read that this book was being made into a movie, it seemed a good opportunity to read her, before seeing the screen mess up her work. Now, I pray that the screen does so.I was extremely disappointed with this work. It is unrealistic, fails to capture the reader, and at points when I should have been completely engrossed, left me struggling with whether I wanted to pick it up. I hope she has written better than this, or else, there are a lot of people who have not bothered reading some of the strong authors available.Her characters are not sympathetic, they do not draw the reader's attention, and they are dull in overall scope. I have too many other good books to read before I pick up another book from this author.
From Potter's Field by Patricia Cornwell.: This was a very good book with excellent descriptions. It's a real page turner and keeps you wondering what's going to happen next. The best parts are at the very beggining and the end.
An Engrossing and Chilling Read: My first foray into the novels of Patricia Cornwell has left me impressed. The characters were intense and realistic. My only concern is that the "evil" Temple Gault at the end of the novel is as vague as he was in the beginning. Why did he decide to trail and give "gifts" to Dr. Scarpetta? Needless to say, I will be reading more of Cornwell's books, especially if they are at all like this novel.
great book. i loved it! they mentioned a movie, where is it?: the publisher said soon to be a movie. does anyone know if a movie was ever created?
Simply Awesome!: This was only my first Cornwell novel and I'm hooked! In the past few months I have managed to collect all of her books and I can't wait to dive into them! This summer will be a suspensful one for Scarpetta and I.
Predictable & has a lame ending: I have read all of the Scarpetta novels & this is not the worst (that would be Cause of Death) but rt. up there. I thought the story began well enough, but the ending was lame. The plot was predictable. Lucy is nauseating as ever & wish she'd die. Scarpetta is still overly materialistic & self-righteous which has gotten old.One of many gripes would be that I find it very hard to believe that all the crime agencies & the media have zero knowledge of this serial killer's family background (close family members - like a twin sister).My advice - don't let this be your 1st Scarpetta novel.
Black Knight C2C Heat Squash Racquet: Great racquet! But I'm a power hitter I have no power Generating Difficulty With This racquet. My style is to try to volleyball and everything I've found this racquet to well balanced and maneuvered. I like the factory grip although with distinct ridges Others prefer a smooth grip May - give the factory grip on chance and you May Come to like it. The "sale" prices are right for a high About end racquet, racquets and Black Knight in Have a reputation for overall durability so you Should get plenty of use Before replacement. Note: I got my first C2C as a D level player and did not like it Immediately. Howeve, as my game improved version I switched from my Bandit Black Knight C2C White racquet to the great success and Have HAD. So, It Might not be the right racquet for a beginner, intermediate to advanced players But Will Benefit From this fine racquet.
A historical gem whose title obscures its intent: Started laughing in the second chapter....enjoyed the book after I realized that I wasn't going to learn anything new. It's obviously a miracle that we survived for the 65 years since it was first published.And seeing that the pending insolvency of the US was as loudly shouted in the 40's as it is now was worth the price. This book had quotes that would shame both modern day political extremes in the US.Kudos to whoever owns the copyright --- now there's economics in action.
Vastly overrated work of fiction: I was sorely disappointed in this vapid and smarmy demogoguery. Sure, back then there was no Google searching nor number crunching laptops. But plenty of economic data was available which the author managed to circumvent. Probably the book's greatest failing was to compare the field of economics to other sciences. Even with today's analytical resources, economists are still all over the map on their predictions & conclusions. On the other hand, meteorologists seem to do quite well.Naturally the radical libertarians, tea-baggers & Republicans love this slim volume which is even slimmer on evidence. I would read it only if you want to know why the lunatic fringe is so nutty & irrational.
sergeant frosts lonely hearts club band: edith has created a venue for herself to exorcise melancholic memories with painful melodies. there are no disguises on this collection. lonesome guitars and medicinal piano radiate the mood of broken spirits. she writes all her own songs. these ballads are definite reminders of those unbearable moments we all have to live. they are all gray sky, secluded,isolating tunes. i envision a ironical pace. i thought she was from chicago, millions and millions of people, and she sings stark loneliness
Great Camera: I recently purchased this camera and I'm very satisfied with it. I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital. It is very comfortable to hold and the controls are easy to use. I highly reccomend this product to anyone looking for a top quality camera at an affordable price. Nice going Sony!
Had to return it: The sizing is perfect and a medium fits just right. I am 5'2 size 4 137 lbs before baby and i gained about 35 lbs during pregnancy, just an idea for sizing but keepin mind that everyone has different fat distributions on their bodies. I don't like how my post baby fat was getting pushed up the top and makes me look like I have back boobs. The shape wear crunched up after you sit or bent over and so it doesn't feel smooth all over. Squeem makes a vest version too so maybe that one will be a better choice for better coverage. If you do decide to purchase this product it's easier to squeeze in if you lay on your bed and suck in your guts.
Broke the 2nd time I wore it, great until then: I think this product provided a great fit. I was able to hook on the first row by myself within about 5 mins max. It wasn't quite as difficult to get on as I thought it might be, although it isn't particularly easy either. I tried it on and wore for about 2 hours, and then the 2nd time I wore it had it on for about the same period of time. I took it off and one of the metal boning pieces had popped through and was hanging out at the bottom. This product is far too expensive to have something like that happen. The fit on me was snug, but I am sure I had the correct size. Now I have to figure out how to get this resolved.
The amazing squeem: I love love love the squeem!!! The before and after pictures are definitely real!!! You can immediately tell the difference when you put it on it definitely improves your posture, you eat much less since it squeezes the he'll outta you but its not an uncomfortable squeeze.
Great Product: A friend recommended this product to flatten the tummy for great look in a dress. I brought a medium according to the measurement guide lines but I needed a small. It was extremely difficult to put on so I needed assistance. Once it was on I was still able to contract my core, which meant that I needed a smaller size. I believe it is because my waist sits high on my torso. Other then that this is great buy.
I recommend ordering a size or 2 larger than your regular size.: I ordered the Squeem waist shaper in a size small...my general size is 4-6, I'm 5'4 and weigh 120lbs right now; over the winter I ate too much cheese and gained about 7 lbs which isn't much to complain about but I have a roll of belly fat that shows through a slinky dress (I just wanted to smooth out my middle and fat above my hips). I wish I'd ordered a medium (or even large) instead because as I was hooking the waist shaper from top to bottom as instructed it was way way way too tight by the time I tried to hook the lower 6" above my hips. I don't want to be uncomfortable I just want a smooth finish! So, if you're similar in size I recommend ordering a medium instead. In general the quality of the product is exceptionally well stitched and built to last.
WASTE OF MONEY: The inner metal rods keep poking through: The squeem is a great idea but the construction is not the best. While the product compresses your stomach, the inner metal spines bend and then protrude at the ends. I have had to sew the ends repeatedly but the spines keep poking through. At one point, the spine developed some sort of crack and when it poked through the bottom, it scraped my stomach and I took it off immediately. I have never washed the product in the washing machine...I have always handwashed it. So, the manufacturer can't say that I didn't take good care of it.
CAUSES BRUISING AND BLISTERS IF WORN TOO LONG: I ordered this product to slim down my stomach. I was looking for something I could wear all day with my jeans as well as underneath my dresses. I wore the squeem to work occasionally and then I would take it off when I got home. When I would take it off, I felt sore around my sides and my back, I washed the squeem several times and even wore it on the other side thinking this would help but it didn't. One night after work me and some of my coworkers went out for drinks so I ended up keeping the squeem on for about 14hours instead of my normal 9 hours. That night when I took the squeem off I had blisters and bruising on my side and back which have now left black marks (I'm black)on my body. I read other review before I purchased the squeem and I didn't see anything that alerted me not to buy it. Not sure why this happened but if you read this and it happens to you don't say I didn't warn you!
Not happy: I was really unhappy with this. I followed what others said and ordered based on my prepregnancy size. It was WAY too small at 7 weeks post-pardum. I'm ten weeks post-pardum and may try it again but it was a real self-esteem crusher initially. I'm a size 0 pre-pregnancy and so I thought it was fair to order the XS but I guess not.
nice product: My wife loves it but we unfortunately perchaced the wrong size. She made a coment about the sizing chart being in dress sizes and she picked the size she is and we received it and the apparel was way too small. We have been meaning to exchange it but its tough to get time being as we have new born twins. That's why she wanted the apparel. She was really excited to receive the part and was disappointed when it didn't fit.
Does the job: I have been looking for something to hold in my stomach that wasn't elastic based. Found this item and have to say I am pretty pleased. The hooks do take a while, but once they are all done, the waist cincher does what it says it will do. The only negative thing is what a lot of the other reviews complain about. It does tend to cause back fat to appear more prominent by your underarms. So I can't wear this with a top that is clingy. Can only wear with looser fitting shirts. Oh well, nothing is perfect.
conspiracy theorist: The author is very likely a Kurdish nationalist, not implausibly a quite supporter of the PKK. As a Communist, he has no room for religion. His analysis is misleading, basically he runs after Muslims under the banner of Islamism, he seeks to undermine the Islamic religion to satisfy his own psychological needs. The author has suppervised the work of others who also claimed to have proved that Islam does not work. The author does not use objective scientific methods, he basically writes in a way that confirms his own priori conclusions. Read the book, if you wish, but with such qualifications in mind. You may read it to understand how the bigot's mind actually works.
Another disappointment from Higgins: This novella (stretched to 271 pages by wide margins and double-spaced lines) reads like a screenplay treatment. There is very little character development, movie-like dialogue, and plenty of mindless action. The ending is wholly unsatisfying and I'm led to believe that this is simply a set-up for another book. An author with some integrity would have placed Edge of Danger as part 1 of a 2-part novel.If you are dead-set on reading Edge of Danger, don't waste your money. The cover price of .....is an insult and the deeply discounted .......... price will still leave you feeling ripped-off. Go to your local library in the morning and you'll finish Edge of Danger in time for an early lunch. Just don't expect to have any appetite left.
1, and thats being generous....: I have read many of Jack Higgins' books and this is the poorest so far, in my humble belief. As I travelled thro' the pages it just got harder and harder to believe the simplicity with which Mr Dillon strolls thro' the events at hand. The story also lacks any imagination and could probably have been summed up in a short story. Mr Dillon is just to sci-fi I'm afraid.There is a quote at the start of the book and as I got near the final chapters, I was starting to imagine that the Author would be writing the finale of Mr Dillon....the quote read"To Tess, who thinks it's about time"Author, I think she may mean something else....
Good matt nude lipstick: It's got a nice warm scent of vanilla-like smell. Texture is creamy. Meadow Sweet is a nice nude color. Can't apply too much or else it'll look a bit dry.
I would sell it -- book complete with dust cover. Excellent: West is only fairly judged by the breadth of his work. He has a special view of human nature and all its weaknesses.
A welcomed change from the frozen plains of Europe: A refreshing, sunwarmed, beautifull change from the frozen steeps and plains of Ice Age Europe. A delightful story of a woman who must face and overcome immense odds to survive. The plot line moves in different ways from other "Woman against the odds" novels so it is a fresh and not predictable. A very good read and a much better choice over Jean Auel's "Shelters of Stone".
where does the Novel begin?: I found it preachy and long and got.very bored to claw my way through the very wordy prologue.Then tried to find the.actual novelFinally gave up!!!
Avoid it.: The abridged version of this book would read as so:"Sin is inevitable. So make the best of bad situations. And oh by the way... women are strong."There ya go. Nuff said. I don't need to read obnoxiously long sentences lamenting on one sentiment for the entire 160 odd pages or so of this travesty. The entire book is just one big complaint. From the girl who commits adultery. She laments about it for the whole stinking book and puts up with some obnoxious kid the for whole thing as well. Painfully thick language, stupid storyline, quixotic style... everything that would piss off a recreational reader. Avoid it.
ok...: this book was recommend 2 me from my neighbor. but i dont think that dis is dat gud of a book 2 recommend... i didnt like it 2 much but...
The Scarlet Letter: I really enjoyed this book. It shows the judgmental tendencies in our human race and how one woman strove to live a life of service to others to gain redemption for her mistake. Can't go wrong with the classics.
This edition is not complete: This review refers to ISBN 978-1613823613. With no explanation or indication that it is doing so, this edition leaves out the author's introductory chapter, "The Custom-House." Admittedly, the chapter is long, tedious, and skipped by many. Still, it leaves the book useless for the classroom and, let's face it, who else is going to read it? This isn't exactly light summer reading.In addition, there is no bolding of SAT words, with definitions in the margins, that some reviewers mention, which was the main reason I chose this edition. In fact, other than the abbreviated text, there is absolutely nothing: no forward, no reader's guide, no author bio -- nothing. So, not the most helpful textbook.On the bright side, it is well-bound and the type is quite easy to read.I am returning the book, and looking for a more suitable edition.
Creepy: The creepiest book I've ever read! It's a creepy mystery/romance all in one creepy book! I would read it again lol
A book for those with time on their hands: If this book is so great, then why are there so many people who give it only one or two stars? Should a great book not be able to be enjoyed on some level by everyone? To the best of my knowledge, only erudites and scholars enjoy this book. A good book, but one with a limited audience. Don't read it unless you don't mind wading waste deep through overly long sentences, antiquicated words and flowery prose. Personally I like an author who gets to the point.
Painful: This book has to be one of the most tedious works of literature ever written. Hawthorne is a great writer, but I don't know how this book made it into that sacred list we call "classics". Perhaps on the merit of his name alone?
Great novel: The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a great novel. It takes place in Boston, Massachusetts during the era when Puritans were there. The main character Hester Prynne is forced to wear a Scarlet Letter A for adultery because she cheats on her husband while waiting for him to come from Europe.The book really recaptures what Puritanism was like. Its interesting to think about what America would be like if we were still Puritan. A theme of the book is concealed guilt. The minister Arthur Dimmesdale has concealed guilt which causes him severe pain. The message of the book is that you shouldn't let some minor sin you did in the past haunt you for the rest of your life.The book denounces the religious atmosphere of the Puritan village claiming that it stifled the merriment and joy of the culture of Old England. You get a picture of how the wonderful culture portrayed in the works of Chaucer was lost in America due to the influence of the Puritans.
Horrible reader: i couldn't listen to this book because the women reading it has such a screechy horrible voice so i can give no review of the actual book but whatever you do try to find a version with a different reader if you're into audio books
Mistake?: I ordered the Penguin edition for this book five weeks before my grad class started. It was very important to have the correct edition for proper pagination. I PAID for the Penguin edition. I GOT the $2 Dover Thrift edition three weeks later. When I called the distributor, he told me to email him to remind him to fix it, but he didn't ask me my name or my order number or anything to identify me from any other customer. I asked for an email address and he told me to look on my confirmation email. The email address from the confirmation email didn't work. I had to spend another $15 to get the correct edition of the book. I'd already paid more for the book that I got than it would have been worth brand new. I will NOT purchase from this distributor again.
The "Scarlet" Letter: Much to my amazement, this book has been placed on banned lists in several states. It's an excellent study of the devastation caused by guilt. Although the story does allude frequently to adultery, there are no graphic details that would make it unsuitable for use in a high school classroom. Both the illnesses caused by guilt and the good health of those who overcome it are made clear.
The Scarlet Letter a must read for any American: The best book that I have ever been assigned to read for school by far. The way in which Hawthorne captures the shame that Hetser , the wearer of the scarlet letter, feels everyday and the utter torment that the weak Dimmesdale is in by not coming forth and saying he slept with Hester and the revenge ridden character of Chillingworth is spectactular.The way in which Hawthorne describes the setting and the actions that characters do is truly outstanding. Hawthorne has a huge flare for the dramatic which is great for the reader. Since Hester the main character concieved her daughter Pearl through an affair she has been snetenced to wear the scarlet A on her chest for the rest of her life. The story starts on the day Hester is to stand infront of the town and wear her badge of shame and all the drama in the small puritanical town of Boston starts from there. A must read for any American.
The Scarlet Letter: A soap opera: Although this book, is considered a great work of literature, written to describe the harshness of Purtian New England. Plus, this book was heavily laiden with symbolism, and many other literary tools.The scarlet letter is a soap opera, and a bad one at that. Not only is it boring, no true action occurs in this book. Nothing truly interesting happens in this book. This boring work of literature spends an entire chapter describing a prison door.Although the author did a creative job of conveying his point, this is still the worst book I have ever read. I would never recomend this book to anyone who can not sit down and read the script to any second class soap opera with out falling asleep after the first 10 pages. This is a good book to study, however it is not a good book to read for pleasure, under any circumstance!!
This book is Great!: One might notice that many of the negative reviews of this book contain horrible grammer and multiple spelling errors. Although I respect those who disliked The Scarlet Letter, I disagree. It's no wonder that people that don't know how to capitalize the word 'I'. I thought that this book was wonderful, if you are willing to put effort into understanding it.
I had to read it...: I had to read this book for school. I did not like it. I'm not sure what the point is of this story; several people hae told me what they think it is but I dont agree and they dont agree with each other.
Possibly the funniest movie ever made.: It starts off a bit slow, but once the product placement jokes start it takes off.
same problems as munchkin version: Ditto to other complaints - won't separate easily- either by unscrewing or prizing. Cheap, flimsy, leaks water also because no gasket. I'm looking for something else and hoping reviewers will give honest good advice . . . this almost identical to product by Munchkin
Sassy Baby Warming Dish. Interesting concept.: We tried the Baby warming dish. We found that for our 1 year old it was pretty small, and didn't really hold enough water to keep her warm.I think it would work ok for an infant, although I think a blanket would work just as well.Recommendation:Buy********************HoldSell
Unreadable!: As good as this book may be, the print quality is so bad that I cannot read it. Zero stars would have been more appropriate.
Used for circuits project: I used the generator for a circuits project and it works pretty well with little resistance, however the wire connections seemed cheap and very loose. I would recommend buying a battery powered one with rechargeable batteries if you're worried about the environment.
Two Tedious Hours: The early success of Adam Sandler's films gave him this mistaken impression that he was an actor and a writer. This film proves he is neither - and a grating voice-over guy to boot. I enjoyed Happy Gilmore and to a much lesser degree, Little Nicky and Big Daddy. But Sandler is a one-trick pony. We've all seen the trick, so it's just not interesting anymore. I thought this might be the one Hanukah film in a world of X-mas fare. It has nothing to do with the holiday and is definitely not for kids.
one of the worst movies of 2002: god!!! what a dumb movie. the fact that Adam Sandler can do this is just wrong....never lives up to what if true and it down right smells like cheese....sick and demented jokes dont help its premise...though Whitey gets a few lifes...nicely animated but a poor outcome. think of this as a guide beofer watching it...Jon Lovitz, Rob Schneider and others contribute voices.
Fantastic: A movie that makes you feel a lot better about the holidays. Although not a childish movie, Eight Crazy Nights is a fantastic Sandler movie.
very disappointing: The movie is vulgar and not meant for children. It is a typical Adam Sandler movie, with foul language and raunchy humor. Not enjoyable at all.
Sandler Strikes Out: 8 Crazy Nights might have been a sweet film with a good message for kids, but the scatological humor, offensive language and explicit sexual references made it unsuitable for my 10-year old. The plot, on the other hand, while fine for 10-year olds was too obvious and simplistic for most of the adults in the audience. As a result, while it's probably not the worst film of the year, it is certainly in the running.
Not the worst, but far from good: This film has the dubious honor to be included in the book "The 50 worst films of all time". It is definently not one of those, but one can hardly call it a proper film, either. It is rather a loose framework in which 12 new songs could be presented in a more or less natural manner. A great-great-grandfather of music videos, and better than some of those!
Been waiting for a foreign lauguage AOL CD?: I have, too, but this isn't it. The translation is very choppy, the singers are medicore at best, and the orchestrations are too overwhelming. "Love Changes Everything" is shredded to the point where it hurts to listen to it.Oddly, the best song is the French "Chanson d'Enfance."I was very surprised, as the Japanese usually put out extramely good cast CDS. Their CATS and Phantom and the Tokoyo Evita are all great. But unless you are a total ALW or AOL fanatic, save your money.
It Rises above the "Fluff" Books: The first thing that struck me was that it was easy to read. The print was readable and the illustrations were helpful. I did also find some grammatical errors as an earlier review said. But mostly it was very specific and practical. The chapters most helpful were on "emotional states" and music. It's hard to find a book on this subject that's across the board, dealing with many different issues and this one addresses nearly every brain-related research issue from nutrition to memory. As a scientist who also works with high school students, I found his translation of brain research into the classroom to be thoughtful, if not enthusiastic. It's a tough subject to translate, but I did get more than I thought I would out of the book. Mostly it helped me get past the hype and get into the real practical meat of the material. The book's far from perfect, but it's the best I've seen so far on this topic.
Itten The Elements of Color: I was so very pleased to review the art book which arrived in pristine condition. I would have rated it in Excellent condition, rather than very good. I would like to thank the person who made it possible, but have misplaced her name and address.
great IMO: First of all, I saw the review by "Tyley Mike "Relite"" and thought he was grossly overcritical of EVERYTHING and every instrument played... so I'd like to hear Tyley Mike's album, since he thinks he can do better :) --seriously! I think some people don't understand that things sound the way they were MEANT to sound, if they sound poppy, they made it that way, why the hell should they stick to the norm? They want to do something different and in my opinion it sounds great.I can't write a good enough review for this album, all their albums actually, as they are all a masterpiece of their own while still being different enough to keep it interesting. It bugs me when a group doesn't evolve or try new things and stays exactly the same as they ever were, all the time, so I was glad to see them progress and "grow".There's too much to say to describe this album, but frankly I don't think I could write a good enough review to do it justice, so I'll just give it my 5 stars :)
I wish...: ...i had never heard Fair to Midland before hearing this music but cant help making comparisons. It is still wonderful music and Ill explore it further...
Good follow-up to El Cielo.: A bit of a change this time for Dredg, less progressive material, more straight ahead rock tunes. I was a little disappointed in it. It doesn't have alot of stuff going on like with El Cielo which is pretty big compared to Catch Without Arms. But still this is the direction they chose to go in and it's definitely a very good one.
WOW!: This book really bothers me. If you are a parent trying to deal with the daily struggles of having a child with a disability, do not read this book. It does not offer any advice for parents, just helps fuel negativitiy. Please do not put yourself through reading this book. If you are still in the grieving stage, this book will not help you. As parents, please try surrounding yourself with positives. Children with disabilities can bring such joy to your life. They can help you learn, help you become more empathetic, help you become stronger, and bring wonderful caring people into your life. Please remember those things when trying to get through this time in your life. Do not waste your time listening to a families stories of frustration, anger, sadness, and embarrassment instead surround yourself with positives.
80s Hard Rock: One of the 80s rock bands that capture my ears!!! It's pity that they are almost retiring soon...
Low class effort by High Class Band: This material represents why the 80's died, the music is bland and poppy, the Wilson sister's garnered their wigs and corsets and the the music became something of an inside joke to those mentioning real bands. Looking back at the cd the music is very dated and is caught in an era best left forgotten.
Good Quality Cell Phone Holder: Contrary to other review, I found my cell phone holder to be of very good quality and have used it for a long time now with no problems whatsoever.
Loved it!: I LOVE Christmas movies and these are some of my favorites! I always bring them out when I am decorating and start enjoying the holidays!
Charlie Brown Christmas was a Great Christmas Gift!: I gave this movie to a co-worker who loves all the Charlie Brown classics that are shown on TV. She was thrilled when she opened it!
There is no way anyone with a soul could ever give this a negative review....: This is one of the sweetest, sad, funny, and actually profound Christmas specials ever. Well, maybe not Dostoyevsky deepness, but there is quite a lot of depth here, unlike a lot of modern Christmas specials, which are just plugs for toys. The suits at CBS hated this series. They thought it was too intelligent for kids, and they didn't like Vince Guardaldi's jazz score (which is a bonafide classic now). It almost didn't air. Luckily, it did, and we are all better people for it.
I ought to slug those R movie loving critics! "They don't know entertainment" as Krusty would say: I do love "Charlie Brown's Christmas", a joy for the entire family, young and old. A Christmas play is being directed by Charlie Brown, and everyone is complaining. Charlie is sad because he doesn't know the true spirit of Christmas, and his friend tells him the spirit of Christmas. The play was never finished though.I like this toon because "Charlie Brown's Christmas" had the guts to tell about Gabriel telling the shepherds about the Good news that Baby Jesus was born in the manger. I would recommend this to all!
Charlie Brown Christmas: One of my favorite Christmas shows of all time! Great service from the provider.
Proof that good things are built to last: When Mr. Schulz and Bill Melendez decided to launch this half-hour special for TV there were many things against the odds: The music, subject treatment and Linus's Bible reading were unlike anything else tried on TV before. Work was done in just 4 months flat (considering the lot of work that goes into an animated feature) and a lot of money and resources were put at stake. Lucky for them - and a lot of us - "Sparky" hit the nail on the head. This film was the absolute winner of next year's Emmy awards for television for kids programming, along with more accolades and recognitions. I think the different treatment of the Christmas theme present on this film has captured interest across generations and, in true Peanuts' style, is something that makes you ponder beyond the obvious. One of those films that will never fade out and that are enjoyable beyond the season.
great Christmas gift: This is a classic Christmas tale and was a wonderful gift. I bought it for my friend and she said she will watch it every year.
Yahoo for Charlie Brown: Being able to watch something like A Charlie Brown Christmas whenever I want is so soothing to the soul. Especially since I get really busy around the holidays and can't always catch it on TV.
The Best Present Of All: My children are a little old (age-wise) for this, but we all still enjoy watching it around this time of year. This classic will never die out, as it will be enjoyed for many generations to come.Having always been a huge fan of Charlie Brown to begin with, this is, by far, my favorite Christmas special. I can remember seeing it for the first time like it was yesterday. Charles Shulzz did one amazing job with this classic. This short animated special shows children the true meaning of Christmas, and Linus' delightful explanation is timeless in its teaching.This classic is something that can be enjoyed by people of all ages, but especially by families with small children. This is just one great video that would make an excellent addition to anyone's collection.
Classic: Watched this with my two year old daughter for the first time this Christmas. It was nice to watch a classic movie that I grew up watching as a kid myself, with her as well as with my hubby. The Peanuts gang is classic and simple. Love them!
Not a real Rammstein album.: Bootleg collection of b-sides, remixes, and singles. Really, why even bother?
After a few months- broken: This charger worked fine for a few months, but now charges so slowly that using the computer while it's charging drains the battery. Very frustrating. Very poor quality.
Works great, and half the price: This AC adapter works great for me with my Apple 15" Aluminum G4 Powerbook. Apple still wants to charge an insane price for this last-generation power supply, but luckily Macally has a solution that is almost as nice for about half the price.It does not light up to indicate that it is charging (which is too bad, it was a nice touch).
This is a good product!: When my Mac Powerbook G4's cord started going on the fritz a year and a half after I had gotten my laptop, I wasn't sure what to do. Since the Macbook has replaced the Powerbook, Apple no longer sells the adapter. And to get the adapter online was really expensive. When I found this option, I was thrilled. It has worked perfectly since the day I got it. It is sturdier than the Apple adapter, and so I feel it will last longer. Also, it is white, like many of the Apple adapters, so if you're worried about the aesthetics of your computer, this option is a good one. I highly recommend this product!Macally PS-AC4 AC Power Adapter for Apple G4
Quite Satisfactory: This product works well, with no problems so far. I have now had it for about a month, and it keeps my iBook G4 running with no issues. It doesn't have the light that indicates whether power is being received, but that's a minor thing. Also doesn't have the easy-to-use cable-wrapping things on the original, but once again, that's a mere quibble. All in all, I am satisfied with this purchase.
Great product at a great price: A replacement adapter for my 4-year-old G4 Powerbook was going to cost $80 from Apple. The Macally adapter is less than half the price, and it's built like a tank -- the wires are thicker, and the plastic is more durable. The only thing you might miss is having the yellow/green charging light...but that's more of a luxury and not a necessity. Highly recommended.
Excellent Item!: I miss the lighted ring telling you that the charger is charging, but for 1/2 of the price of Apple's replacement, I can do without it!The LED iS BRIGHT, and cool bluish color. The cable that breaks on Apple's charger is noticeably thicker on this charger.Get this. You'll not regret it.
Off and on: Its hard to find these types of chargers since Mac switched to the magnetic type. Its hit and miss with the working. My battery indicator switches from charging to not in a blinking fashion.
Cheap, Doesn't charge, dangerous, power cord: This is one of the most poorly designed and implemented chargers around. I own a 15" Powerbook G4 (which this is listed as being compatible with).The problem is that this isn't actually a 65watt power cord... so don't expect to use your computer while it's charging... and don't expect to be able to touch the "brick" as it's plugged in, you'll burn yourself.I've returned this item and got a charger from another company for just a few dollars more that works a TON better.
So much better than the apple version!: I love it, it's LONG and the connection is secure and it doesn't get hot! It's wonderful!
Good product at reasonable price: Though the output of this power supply is lower than the Apple supply, it seems to work fine--and it is very reasonably priced. Too bad that Amazon stopped carrying the supply.
If you're tempted to throw away $30....: I bought this charger near the end of May of this year and it stopped working about 2 weeks ago. It is not the same charger as in the picture with the gray cord. It looks just like most of the other generic chargers available on Amazon. It charges quite slowly (ibook g4 14"). I have a brand new APPLE brand battery, so I don't think it has anything to do with that or the computer. From now on I will stick with the cheaper generic chargers until my computer is totally dead.
Plug DOESN'T work with the iBook G4: This product is advertised to work with the iBook G4, but it does NOT.This plug looks fine, but despite what the product description stats, it isn't compatible with the 3- to 5-year-old version of the 12-inch iBook G4, which I own and now must buy yet another plug for after this one didn't work.Consider yourself warned.
Stopped Working Day 3: Out of the difficult to open package, this adapter worked for a couple of days.I missed the light on the end of the standard Apple adapter (yellow for charging, green for charged).But the price was right, until, it started cycling on and off. The Mac screen would dim and brighten dim and brighten. Boy, was I glad to notice that the on screen battery light was cycling between a/c and battery. Unplugged the Macally, computer ran fine on just battery. Runs fine on the Apple charger I had left at home.The good news is the return to Amazon was extremely easy, presuming the lack of destroyed packaging doesn't void my refund.I've ordered a different brand (with light!). This one may have just been a bad example. I've had good luck with other Macally gear.
Another Binchy Great: This book takes a typical family, examines its seperate members, and then provides a look at the whole with the knowledge of the secrets each member has.I enjoy Binchy's style of writing interconnected stories that weave together. She pulled it off first in Lilac Bus and now Silver Wedding.
TU VIDA JAMAS VOLVERA A SER LA MISMA: Despues de leer este maravilloso libro mi manera de ver la vida es muy diferente, todo tiene sentido y gracias a estos conocimientos he podido ayudar a otras seres a vivir su vida con un proposito que es ser mejores cada dia para pasar de nivel en nuestro crecimiento espiritual; este libro no es para aquellas personas que le tienen miedo a la verdad; pero si te atrevez a leerlo te aseguro que tu vida jamas volvera a ser la misma.ATREVETE!!!
Deep view of what counts for run and growing an organization: I will say that the concept this book adds of "playing with future" is the utmost importance for many of us who were tough by experience to survive and keep it running. The most important thing about work is to get it done...if not...it equals all us..we all lose That does not help a lot any organization. This books deals about how to get it done self sustained and fruitfull
book only, no jacks: I bought this book from Amazon in used condition but 'like new'. Little did I realize or even think about that it didn't come with the jacks and ball. Now I have to try to find the right size jacks (not jumbo ones) and a ball. I guess you get what you pay for!
Thomas connector tracks: The Thomas wooden track connector pieces is just what was needed when setting up different designs. Sometimes when setting up a new design my 4 year old grandson whould end up with no way to connect the finish. These pieces have helped with that problem.
Plain and Simple: A Journey to the Amish: This is a very disapointing book. The author makes the complexe Amish community that forgave the muders of their young daughters at Nickle Mine school into one diminsional Disney characters. There is no tension, conflict or any of the human conditions that make people real, just a oh so sweet group of simple people.Of course that does not allow us to learn anything from the Amish and I am sure there is a lot to be learn from them.The author is very self absorbed when she tries to draw any lessons from her time with the Amish. There were spots where I though "O please get over yourself". I didn't finish the book, it was a waste of time.
Disturbing.: If you are looking for a book on Amish theology, history, lifestyle or agricultural technique; look elsewhere. A five minute Yahoo search will yield you a veritable library of resources compared to this book. Surprisingly, there is ample information online about this oft misunderstood sect of Christendom.The book did have a modicum of useful information, but not enough to warrant the mandatory single star.I found the author's whining fits, pontifications and raging narcissism beyond nauseating. It was with great pleasure that I found myself at the last page.Ultimately, this book serves not as a commentary on the Amish, but rather that of the disaffected Yuppie lifestyle the author is from. What the author found so utterly alien about the Amish wasn't their anachronistic culture, but rather that their of love of God and family exceeds everything else.
Not Very good: I dont advise buying this grider, it broken when i pressed it. the plastic is very fragile and dont support the pressure requered for grinding the pepper.
Cannot adjust for coarseness: The description says you can adjust for coarseness of the salt/pepper, but there is no such knob on the mini grinders. We replaced the store bought salt with sea salt and now the grinder doesn't work. Disappointing.
Solid Effort...But Missing a Spark: Statheads and fantasy players know that the value of this book is to be found in its statistics and projections for future performances. Anyone playing in a long-term keeper league will benefit by keeping this near them on draft day as they look for prospects to take flyers on. The stats in this book are as good as ever, as is the top-100 prospect list.This edition falls flat in its essays. In the past the essays read like great magazine articles that mixed stats and narrative in a 1:9 ratio. This year's essays are far more statitically driven, and are written in a 3:6 ratio, meaning that the flow of the articles is interuppted frequently by data analysis.This makes the book far dryer than usual, and more of a chore to get through. It's still invaluable as a reference tool, but as entertainment it falls a little short.
My Girl Likes It: My two and half years old girl likes it so much, and every I want to allure her to bed to sleep, I will say read I Spy in bed.
Still a great book: The Winds of light books are great! This one is no exception, but I like the first 6 the best. The only reason I gave this book a 4 star rating is because the other 6 were better. I would of gave it a 5 if I had not read the others.
I could have spent my money better: This book did not move me at all. The plot is unrealistic and the characters are shallow; they do not seem like real people at all.
Terrific Reference for Identifying Butterflies: Is that a monarch, a viceroy or a queen butterfly? To identify butterflies look through the Field Guide to Butterflies of Texas. The next time, you can tell that it was a tiger swallowtail and not a zebra swallowtail or a spicebush swallowtail.Children are fascinated by insects and butterflies as well. Teach them to appreciate nature. Learning the names of butterflies is a good way to start.
Climalite works as intended: More visually interesting than plain white, and the material is definitely better for dampness than plain cotton. But please don't wear them with sandals, they aren't that visually interesting!The bottom black part is thicker, but not thick enough to pill or get natty with use...you know what I mean...thick socks have a way of breaking down with wear.The uppers, the white and colored part are thin, stretchy and breathable, flexible enough as well to pull down slightly in the rear to make them no-shows if you choose.
A Man of Reason: At the height of The Age of Reason, The United States of America was created by men such as Thomas Paine and many others who held Man above all other philosophies long enough to get the idea "Individual Rights" down on paper in the form of The Constitution of the United States of America. Paine's contribution to this end is well known. Paine noted in this book that "we have it in our power to make the world over again", and they did. Man has a right to his own life, and there is no law above this. No one has a right to another man's life, not God, not the Race, not the dictatorship, not the proletariat, not The Great Society nor the New Deal. Thanks to Thomas Paine and men like him we have it in writing "We own our own life and we are free to dispose of it in our own way". Let's work together as free men and women to keep our freedom and to spread it around the world to our oppressed brothers and sisters. To the Glory of Man!!
I was there: I liked the way Butler filled in the history of the Queen Mary andQueen Elizabeth.He also told a very good clear picture of lifewe lived aboard ship. On page 92 second phargaph tells of a March1945 crossing . I was on that passage and well remember hearingthe depth charges explodimg.I still have my white tag and cabinwith number on D deck.To verify my memory I checked my discharge and called our coplit yes he remembered hearing the depth charges.This tolded of the vital roll these two great ships played inwinning of the war.Many of these things where new to me and I was there.
Course Book: Well it is only for my course called fundamnetals of socal research but its very expensive indeed. Just wanted the first to make a comment thats all.
Leadership Made Spiritual: Maxwell succeeds in creating a new way to experience leadership principles and the bible. I have used this as a guide for my youth group's leadership program (highshcool juniors and seniors) and it has been perfect. This is an excellent gift idea for anyone who has interest in leadership and believes their christain faith is critical to their approach.
Absolutely incredible: I was so happy with Dolly's "Hungry Again," and her return to real country. I like new country -- but now it is just like pop music. Quite a few one-hit wonders. But Dolly Parton, like Tori Amos and Ani DiFranco (two that came to mind), makes an entire album of great music, instead of an album that showcases two hit songs. If you like folk/indie music, I think you will love this bluegrass album. Her cover of Johnny Cash's "I Still Miss Someone" gave me chills. My favorite song is definitely "Will He Be Waiting For Me." This is bluegrass, but I definitely like a female singing it. It just mellows it out. Dolly has now put out two great albums and with rumors of her possibly going on tour, I couldn't be happier. I'm 26, have been listening to her since I was little, and have never gotten to see her perform live. But this album, the critics aren't just praising a country hall of famer -- the album deserves every wonderful word.
Has-Been? THINK AGAIN!: As a child, I grew up in Knoxville, TN watching Dolly Partin on the Cas Walker Farm & Home Show. I remember her singing Bluegrass back then and didn't really appreciate what I was hearing. Unfortunately, she got away from her roots. Now she has returned with a brilliantly crafted CD that has critics and her fans screaming her praises. Dolly's voice is perfectly suited to singing Bluegrass and shines through like a beacon in the dark. The arrangements are simple and understated and the song selection impeccable. (As a Tenneseean, I wish she would have included her awesome version of Rocky Top or at least updated it.) Dolly's gonna give a lot of fellow artists a run for their money this year at the Grammy's with The Grass is Blue and Trio II. A Top 10 CD if I ever heard one!
Band saves CD: As usual, Dolly continues trying to sing but has no voice. The musicians are the only good thing about this recording. She's attempting to sing country songs Bluegrass style and it doesn't work.
Almost perfect CD: The only reason I am giving this CD 4 stars instead of 5, is because it is too short! Lhasa's voice is sultry, sad and powerful. The music is haunting yet airy. Perfection!
The Castle in the Attic: I would recommend this book to any kids who love a great adventure. I was on the edge of my seat the whole way through the book. I especially loved the Silver Knight and how he became friends with William. Go get this book!
non stop adventure: This was a great and is very magical. A young boy's nanny is leaving and gives him a small castal as a going away present but it turns out that the night that came w/the castal is a real night that has been shrunken and turned to stone. The young boy breaks the spell that an evil sorcerer has put on the night and goes back to his time to stop the wrong that the sorcerer is doing. Will he stop the evil sorcerer or will the evil sorcerer stop him, you will find out in this incredible story of magic and adventure!!!
worst book in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: This was the worst book I have ever read in my entire life! I was forced to read it for school. It was complicated and very boring. I would not recommend this book to anyone!! Please don't waste your time and money to read this book!! Read something else!!
One of my favorites as a kid: I loved this book when I was about eight years old, and looking back on it, it's easy to see why: William, the main character, is a gymnast (just as I was) who's rather shy and reserved (just as I was) but manages, when it's important, to help the people around him. He's immensely sympathetic and compelling, and though the familiar fantasyland and evil-wizard-ruling-a-faux-medieval-kingdom plotline hold few surprises for adult readers familiar with the conventions of the genre, it surprised and excited me as a kid.Re-reading it recently, I found it didn't hold up as well as some of my favorite books from when I was younger (such as Madeleine L'Engle's A Ring of Endless Light), but it holds up better than many; this is a strong book for both children and for adults. I have a hard time imagining a more perfect book for bed-time reading.
excellent: Good price, excellent design and shipped well.Would've been better if the vendor also provided personalized engraving.
Best witch book i've ever read!!!: Spellbinder was the 1st Night World book I have ever read.I recomended this book to ALL my friends,and I recomend it to you also. L.J. Smith is a very talented writer and I plan to read ALL of her books to come.
Maybe next time...: I, like a lot of people writing reviews, play a lot of first person shooters. If you liked Splinter Cell, buy TRAOD USED!!! I agree with everyone here...story is good, controls are less than mediocre. Even Enter the Matrix blew this game away. Customizing the keyboard helps some, but less than what I expected. I tried to leave feedback for EIDOS, but to no avail. Hopefully, if there is another one it will be in beta for a lot longer. And for those of you out there who think that it might be my pc, I can assure you that is NOT the case.
To many issues: The story is very interesting and the action and enemies are awesome, but the game just has to many technical issues. I think they rushed to get it on the shelves ASAP. Tech problems are my only quirk with the game.
Lara should have remained in the tomb: I was so looking forward to this game being released, I was on the internet on a weekly basis looking for a new release date. Delay after delay. I bought the game the day of it's release. Loaded it onto my computer, and was ready to play. I had one disappointment after another. First, the controls were different from her other games. OK I will get use to the new ones. Second, and the biggest. Controlling her is virtually impossible. She is jerky, sporadic, and down right slow and awkward. I have had to reload the game about 20 times to get her to do a simple maneuver. I have given up many times in shear frustration. Frustration I haven't felt in her other games. I do not think I will continue playing this game. It is time to move on and enjoy myself with another game, which is what games are all about. Sorry Core and Eidos, this could be your biggest mistake especially now that the movies are doing so well. What a boost this could have been for you.
Angel of darkness is correct: This game is the angel of darkness - THe control system is impossible - The menu screens are ridiculous and bulky to manage - I have played all the tomb raider games - This one is near to unplayable - This thing went straight to EBAY - save your money for something good - THE TR people need to do something fresh with this character like send her to space or something - jeez - the franchise is getting old and stale due to lack of innovation and change.
Great Work, Poorly Organized Kindle Book: This review is intended as a review of the book, not of the work of Edgar Allan Poe. As a Poe fan, I purchased this book just for the pure fun of reading Poe on my Kindle. However, the book is so poorly organized that finding a particular tale or poem is a real pain and takes a lot of the fun out of it. While there is a table of contents, the individual works are not list there; rather there are groupings of the works so you have to know (or guess) to which group the work you may be looking for belongs. Alas, there is also no index. This is an electronic book: I should be able to toggle down a table of contents to a particular work, select it, and be taken there, but it doesn't happen that way. Not recommended for Kindle readers!
this will interest children in insects: This would be a great book for use in elementary school science classes. It has a wonderful layout, with many beautiful photographs (if insects can be called beautiful). The text, mixed nicely with the pictures, covers basic information on insects as well as various interesting facts.
Good, but only to the midway point: This is a wonderful Victorian-style novel about a manor house, its mistress, and her domestics. Wonderful that is, until the middle of the story. The author makes choices that effectively shut down the flow and pacing of the story. It's spooky and interesting, but the sudden turn and the unexpected switch in the narrator's point of view, time, and setting make the rest of a great read a downer.
a terrible product: this is not well manufactured i recieved it in a timely manner. but the product is poorly constructed my husbandand i put it together easily but the cotter key to hold on the wheels are made of flimsy material, might as well have been foil. and the screws didn't fit well. i was really disappointed in it. DON'T BUY IT SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET A BETTER ONE. HOPEFULLY IN OTHER WORDS POOR DESIGN EXCUTED WITH SUB STANDARD PARTS.
BUYER BEWARE: This is the biggest waste of money I have spent in a long time. It didn't even make it through one bag of leaves. I would demand my money back but it would cost too much to send back. Can't believe Amazon still has this piece of trash in their online shopping department. Take my advice and save your money!!!!!I would have given it no stars but didn't have that option. In my opinion it rates 00000 stars....
Didactic melodrama: I have read enough to know when I'm being preached to, and Huxley is unsuccessful in masking his assertions re: the human condition in The Island. I was very disappointed, since Huxley has the ability to write well, even about esoteric subjects (see The Perennial Philosophy, for instance), but ends up just making a hash of it here. Not highly recommended.
Well, not everything: It was a decent book, but not a lot of new information for me. For the most part, it simply confirmed some basics I have long believed in - not living out your dreams through your children, encouraging exploration without forcing achievement, the need to provide for additional means of learning, etc. A lot of time spent on selecting schools for gifted kids, which really doesn't apply in small towns like we live in. Some good chapters on different kinds of gifted children and some scattered teaching methods. A lot of "real life" examples stretched across several chapters that in my opinion became a scattered approach.Probably the most novel idea that came across was that it's better to be a "good enough" parent than a perfect one. By Klein's opinion, if you manage to be the perfect parent, you set a standard so high that your child will have anxieties trying to live up to your example. Not sure I'm 100% with that, but it is an interesting take on parenting.
Software is Horrible!: This software is not user friendly. The samples don't help. I would imagine that if I sat down for a few hundred hours I could figure out were the dots go. The whole interface just doesn't make any sense. It's very time consuming. Total waste of 30 dollars at the Apple store.
Biography of Wright and his works: Easy reading book which I would recommend for those who want a sort of "executive summary" of the story behind Wright and his works. Having said this, I found the depth and detail lacking for those who have read extensively about this architect whose noteriety is growing with time. Not for collectors unless you (like myself) want the book to help fill a spectrum of the vast number of publications which continue to come into popular view.
The Top Ten List for Christians byJames W. Moore: A bit simplistic at times, but got some good discussions goingin our Sunday School class (Methodist). Would recommend itfor Contemporary Adult Sunday School classes or Bible studies.
Live it: Still have this works great my food is kept fresh inside the dome, so has a good seal to it.
elem diff e-q's: While the shipping was AMAZING, the book itself is not much use other than as a list of problems. The text explaining the theory behind is written like sandpaper and often jumps around leaving important processes out. It would be a very hard book to use as a solo resource w/o an instructor leading.
This is really cool!: This is a really cool record to own. My Favorite Muffs albums are Happy Birthday To Me and Alert Today Alive Tomorrow so I like their later material. This Hambuger is a lot of early stuff and some later but I really like it. I think its cronilogical and its interesting to hear how they've improved with time. Good cd!
Very Disappointing.: I was hoping that this band would have evolved in some or any degree over the past decade, but sadly they have not. Having the courtney love message on this cd is further testament that this band is tapped out. Now that Kim is in her 40s, you'd think there would be more emphasis to release a breakthrough cd rather than these out-takes from the past.
A carefully constructed read.: This book is structured such that on all the even pages there are a short pithy quotes that summarize the textaul body of the book on the odd pages. The book is written in the style of a manual so that you can dip into it at any point with no need to refer to material that came before.The basic thesis of the book is if you want to enjoy life you have to place one hand on the tiller and steer yourself towards the people, places and things that you like. A way to chart your course is taken from Alan Lakein's "How to get control of time and your life", which is an excellent book. Strategies for dealing with misteps are also covered.The author tries overtly to avoid religion, but a slight Christian undertone runs through the book, probably unintentionally because of the author's and those he quotes cutltural background.
Poor quality and high price... are these knock-offs?: I ordered two in Cowboy Slim Cut 33x34. I already had some Wranglers. The waist was way too small, the fly was off to my left in a really weird and very ugly and uncomfortable way. These were made in Mexico, just like the ones I bought at Target, but the badging was different, a rubber badge on the back right pocket, not the thin leather Wrangler badge at the rear right waist. Were these knock-offs? Not sure. Returned them and went to Target where I got two pair for $15.99 each (they were Original and Legendary Gold, not Cowboy, but still, half the price, pard)!
Almost perfect: Stockings are not easy to find where I live in Northern California and I cannot stand to wear panty hose. I decided to try these stockings that was recommended by the site I used to find a garter belt. I really like the stockings. They are darker black than the picture depicts them. I prefer off-black. The lace top is a little tight with not too much stretch, so if you have large thighs you might not like them. The next order I will order one size larger for that reason although I do not have large thighs. My husband really likes them and the fact that I like them makes him happy. I will buy more.
Not Stainless: These may look like brushed stainless steel but they are not. The magnet that is glued to the back of these is about 3/8" and will not hold anything heavier than a very light potholder. I tried hanging an apron on it and it fell to the bottom of the refrigerator. If you are crafty and can remove this tiny magnet and attach a larger, stronger magnet - these hooks will be useful. Otherwise, they are not worth anything. I guess you get what you pay for.
The meaning of God, the meaning of life.: Both of these issues, among others, are examined in this simple yet complex story about a variety of characters, all of whom we recognize.What lies beneath the skin of the average person? What do they believe in, and why? What makes their worlds shatter? What would make your world shatter?The author never wastes a word, entertwining the characters in unlikely but believable ways. It's a quick read that lingers with the reader, to make you think about your beliefs, and what you would do for those beliefs.To each individual, the book could be about God, or the meaning of life, or simply how you fit into the world. This makes the book touching on a personal level. I think every reader will find a different way, and reason, to love this book.
What a disappointment!: I am a big Belva Plain fan and have always enjoyed her books. After the Fire is a disappointing read. What bothered me the most is the character of Hyacinth-what a weak and stupid woman! She is not believable at all. Any mother will fight to the end for her children. I kept hoping she would snap out of it, but she never did. She just kept trusting stupid men and believing them. I will think twice before spending money on another Belva Plain novel in the future.
You get what you pay for.: I was expecting a bigger set so was surprised at how small it was. I should have spent more for a better set, but it will have to do for now.
junk!: Don't buy this! Didn't even come with all the screws. You could build a better set with twigs. Skip it.
fireplace tool set: Good product. Got it in a timely manner. Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Not too expensive and just as good as the rest of the tools that are over priced. The tools work great and have been used a lot this winter.
Failed to Work: I was unable to get this game to work in Windows Vista. I inquired about a patch but did not receive a response.
Long Hot Summer: Sweet Dream Baby by Sterling WatsonOn a sultry summer river, two young people explore small town life in the backwater of Florida . This tapestry of a story mesmerized me with its rich characters and tangled landscapes, its troubled families and brooding mysteries. If you appreciate musical prose and gripping plots, you will relish this haunting book. I can't wait for the sequel so I can learn more about Travis and Delia.
Mathematical nonsense: Mathematically speaking, this book is all nonsense. For instance, the author argues that owning a home is more expensive than not owning. This is true if you compare a person living under a tree versus one owning a home. He argues that the person owning a home has a negative cash flow of 8k per year all due to the interest he pays on mortage. But the details he left out (just to make his useless point) is, the person who owns a home has a home to live for a few hundred more bucks a month, whereas the person who doesn't own a home has to pay may be 10-15k per year for rent. That wipes out the savings that the author is claiming. Not only that, that money is down the drain since it goes to the landlord, whereas the owner of the home builds equity.My recommendation is to stay away from this nonsensical book, else you will be screwed if you follow his advice.
Boring ...: I bought the book because I read the review and it look interesting and funny. But after the first pages, I knew that this was a mistake. Is very repetitive and some of the content really ridiculous for this age and time.
Stuck With You: I didn't really like the book. If the author didn't write the sex portion of the book, there would not have been much to write about. What happened with Nick and the law suit. It was barely mentioned. She could have written more about that and less the descriptive sex.
None: Awesome.... simply awesome. I couldn't put this down and laughed, smiled, and even got tears! A brand new favorite author.
Witty and clever.: This was a really fun read. The dialogue was witty and clever. I really enjoyed the progression of the romance. It probably could have been tied up a little sooner. The last 10th of the book kind of drags out the story with storyline that should have been introduced sooner or ended before it was introduced. I do wish more of Nick and Rachel's storyline had been included, just because I enjoyed their banter and potential. I recommend to any modern romance fan.
Glorify Thy Name w/ Kent Henry: Great! This is a Kent Henry praise and worship classic - you can not go wrong with this one. Do not sleep on Kent Henry. I've mentioned in previous reviews that he is one of my favorite praise and worship leaders. This man is gifted, anointed and sings many spontanious praise and worship songs. Although there are no spontanious songs on this one, his CDs from his independent labels are loaded with them. He has a talent for ushering believers into God's presence.The songs are a mixture of upbeat and mellow classics. This is a must have. This CD is out of print and if you can get your hands on one - do it quickly!
lousy, outdated guide, with horrible printing flaws!: First thing I noticed about this book was that the pages were stuck together. No, really...they were. The printer did not get it right when they cut the edges of this book. There were many pages that had to be hand cut just to TURN them. I could not stand the ... design. Then, once I get everything readable, I find that the information herein is, oh, about 15 years old and totally useless for current midi applications.MIGHT be ok if you are looking for a history of midi and want to spent an hour making the book readable by cutting the uncut pages so that you can actually READ them.
Still yet to recieve: I am still yet to receive these items that I purchased 4 months ago. I've tried everything to track where they might be but no success!!!
Big things in small package: When I purchased this small hardcover book, I didn't expect very much. I was pleasantly surprised when I read it in one sitting, twice! You will not want to put this one down.LBW is simple, yet romantic. The story originates in Africa with childhood friends, Jacques and Margaret. Margaret moves to London and weds Lord Berkley. When the childhood friends return to Africa, the storytelling becomes richer. Even when they are separated by continents, decades, and lovers, Jacques and Margaret maintain a sweet friendship.This is a must read that is well-written and culturally enlightening.
broken :(: The base and frame were not completely attached. Fixed with a little glue. My friend loved it after that.
Lousy RF range; ON worked from further away than OFF: The range of use was practically useless. I could get about 10 - 15 feet of range for the "ON" button, but had to put the remote right against the receiver to get the "OFF" to even work. I bought this particular model because it had discrete on and off buttons, to make it easier for my elderly mom to figure out (was supposed to be used to remotely reboot her cable modem located in the basement), but in the end it was too flaky to let her fuss with it. I switched to a different unit which had about 50 feet of consistent, reliable range and tossed this one in the junk drawer.
Left me feeling wanting.........: Somehow, if I had spent the time reading the book a little before purchasing, I wouldn't have bought it. He talks extensively about competition rigs, rules, etc. which I had no interest in. I have yet to see a gun rag writer talk honestly about guns. Ever see a bad review in ANY of the gun magazines?
Gun Digest 1911 Review: This was purchased as a Christmas gift. Excellent tutorial and very entertaining. The detailed discriptions and the pictures were informative. I spoke with the recipient of the gift after Christmas and he agreed. I really appreciate Amazon's speedy service.
THIS CD SUCKX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: I WAS LISTENING TO THIS CD AT MY FRIENDS HOUSE, AND IT REALLY SUCKED!!!!! IF SOMEONE IS ITNERESTED IN BUYING THIS, DON'T, IT'S A WATSE OF YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!
Nice but Sony must give us more info: This is a very nice tripod, is strong, elegant and cool, I love it, but the only trouble that I find it, it is that this cool gadget does not have a detail list of compatible sony cameras, I mean I am an owner of 2 sony cybershot camera`s, the W80 and H2 and I am not able to use the remote control with my cameras, only because Sony do not give us that information
LIvely Experimental Synthesizer Jazz with Global Fusion: This CD has instrumental experimental Jazz and near trance synthesizer pieces. Some of the rhythm patterns have a Latin flavor and feel very danceable. Others remind me of chill out lounge music. A few selections have some subdued vocals that are more part of the background rather than the foreground. I enjoyed the selections and liked working with them in the background. I have not heard the other volumes in the series and so I cannot compare them with each other. My only reservations about this collection is that the mood between selections is not always consistent, some are more mellow and some are more lively. But the mood of the CD is more consistent than a lot of collections I have heard. Some of the pieces are more experimental than the others and are interesting studies. Two of them felt slightly dissident to me, but the experimental sound still felt worth hearing.
CUT IT UP DEF: IT'S OLD SCHOOL JAMS!!! I HAVE SEARCHED AND SEARCHED FOR THIS CD FOR THE LONGEST. I HAVE FINALLY FOUND IT!!! NOW I HAVE TO PURCHASE IT.
I do not recommend this vacuum: We bought this Emer Galilieo vacuum cleaner for about $400 more than one year ago. The retractable cord broke after a short time. We had to send the vacuum to NJ to get it repaired by using the warranty. After a month they sent it back with the same problem and the on-off button was broken as well! I called the customer service and asked for refund or replacement and they were kind enough to replace the vacuum with a new one. This vacuum is very powerful, however the handle (hose) is kind of heavy and the hose twists frequently and makes it difficult to use. By considering its high price, I guess there should be much better choices than this one if you are looking for a powerful canister vacuum cleaner.
More Fiction than fact: Donal Cline clearly demonstrates his inability to distinguish fact from fiction. I find his book to be biased (towards the Murphy-Dolan faction), poorly researched (claiming that Billy the Kid was known as Michael McCarty), and his findings to be very questionable (presents evidence without veryfiable sources.)After reading this book I asked myself why did Cline write this book? He seems to not think to much of "Billy the Kid" so why write a book about him? Why not stick to your true passion and write a documentary about James Dolan and L.G. Murphy.
waste of time and money!!!!!!!!!!!!!: The Squiggler fell apart at second use, with no way to put the prongs back into the base. This is a worthless piece of junk! Do not waste your time on this sub-standard, horribly designed and made product!!!!!
CO alarm: Easy product to install. No fuss. Plug it in. It is out of sight behind a couch. I am satisfied.j.
Easy as it can be.: I bought the First Alert CO600 for two reasons. I own a rental unit and California requires a carbon monoxide alarm in each one. The second reason is the price. I ordered this unit and had it delivered to my rental unit. The lady who rents from me is not mechanically inclined at all, but she had no trouble with setting this up. She's completely happy, California is happy, and I'm happy.
"THE ROCKETS RED GLARE" ???: This over-priced pain in "the sitting area" has an always-on, glaring RED light.*Red lights are commonly used to warn of an immediate danger that requires attention NOW.*NO-I don't have a carbon Monoxide problem. The red light also stayed on for a week when I plugged it in to an outside plug.
Absolutely great tripod for movie camera: excellent and cheap...panning acts almost like the $400+ tripods for movie cameras...and the controls in the handle add to the convenience and control of "shaky" movement...sold...stable...tall...worth the price
A written masterpiece: I first read this book in 1984/85 while in high school and I have bought copies for several friends in the last 15 years. I plan on giving this book as a gift to everyone for Xmas with a basket of white and yellow candles. I read this book at least 2 times a year for inspiration and guidance. Next to the Bible, this book is a masterpiece unparalleled.
Love Jerry and Dean, just not this version: I was very disappointed with this....I realize it is a 1950 film, however, the sound and picture were off much if not all of the film. Additionally, it wasn't listed as a DVD-R, but is. Wish it had been a better quality production with sound and picture in sync as I really wanted it for my collection.
Crap, Junk, Worthless, etc: The other 1-star poster is absolutely correct; these things are crap. I ordered two of them for both my kids and neither worked at all. The rockets didn't seal on the pump so no pressure could be pumped into them, thus making them useless. I had high hopes for this toy because of my love for it when I was younger. As always, the quality of these "nostalgic" toys leave much to be desired (I'm looking at you, Evel Knievel Dare Devil Stunt Set!). The price is cheap, but the quality is cheaper.
Dense with knowledge: This film is filled with informative interviews which is great. This film is also subtitled. Not so great. Definately worth an afternoon. Watch this film with intention because it is filled with teachings, visual cues and subtitles.
I'd give it 6+ stars if I could!: The cover blurb on this book says it all: "For office slaves, Internet addicts and stressed-out students." (ha! I am all three) If you are like me and have looked at many a Yoga book but put them aside due to the difficult positions/instructions or the time involved, but still want to feel better, relax and also rejuivinate, AS well as relieve the symptoms of the computer age, then this is the book for you. A definate must-buy!
An American Treasure: Charles Brown is an American treasure. His blues piano stylings are the perfect compliment to his unmistakable vocals. The selections on this cd are typical of the high quality music that CB has produced his entire life. Buy this cd. Buy any cd by Charles Brown. You won't regret it.
not finding comfort in food: I have read this book in search of a way to view my body and my self more positively. However, this book claims that only the overweight or people with eating disorders lack self-confidence. It is not true, obviously. I am not overweight and never had any eating disorders, but I just don't have a positive self-image. So if you're like me, don't read this book. I couldn't relate to it. The title is misleading.
Typical Thomas video, all about James: THe biggest problem with this DVD is the order of the episodes as someone has complained about in many other video reviews. Several episodes specifically refer to an episode where a bootstrap is used on James's brake line. The episode in which this actually occurs is one of the last on the DVD. It would have taken like 10 more minutes to have the videos play in chronological order. Other than that it is a good DVD with 8 Thomas and Friends stories in which James is prominent. I have a personal complaint too. I purchased this in a store not online. Even though the box said it includes a bonus WOODEN train. My box actually had a TAKE ALONG Bertie in it. My son didn't have a Bertie so I was eager to get it but I didn't realize it was a metal take along kind not a wooden series. My son has no other take along items because we think the wooden series is far better.
Inexpensive but poor quality: The set was shipped with a carrying case that was covered in an oil-like substance and either the oil or the case itself smelled horrendous. Also, the punches are very dull and not uniformly sharpened (or dulled, however you look at it). I have difficulties cutting through even thin, soft silicone sheets. Sharpening them with a rotary tool helps, but I feel I shouldn't have to do that with a brand "new" product (which I am sure is actually repackaged). I can't imagine using them for metal, let alone most rubbers. Despite the very affordable price, I would NOT have purchased this set for the above reasons.
Dull and dirty: Well I don't usually write reviews but I feel the need with this product.1rst. They were caked with mud ...what's up with this?2nd. They are dullI guess they can be sharpened ..we'll see
Deserving of the Pulitzer it won; but don't be scared by it.: Remnick won the Pulitzer for this unwrapping of 70 plus years of communist control of a collection of nations. In depth, he discusses the purges, the environment and events that allowed them to occur, the Russian view of the Patriotic War (WWII), the rise and fall of communism. Communism was doomed from the start. Here, Remnick explains exactly why. The Russian people are wonderful, I've met many of them. This book also gives the reader an understanding of the world in which they grew up. A world where Stalin was (literally) God. A world without independent thought. Fascinating, heart wrenching. Very readable.
"Like this" by Technotronic featuring Monday Midnite: Like this is breath of fresh air in the dance music world filled with meaningless Technobeat with no specific direction. This song brought back the good memories of the 70's by using a sample of the classic "clean up the ghetto". Monday Midnite's freestyle story about his experience at a London underground discotheque is unique and his succintly clear and distinctive accent is rare and I like it a lot. Plus, the song keeps you dancing till the last beat. Love it.
A Disappointing Misrepresentation: Baking With Julia is an AMAZING Book.It is an exceptionally well written resource that is an accurate reflection of the PBS televised series of same name.When I stumbled onto the option to order a DVD [suposedly of the full series] on the book's writter, Dorie Greenspan I ordered it immediately!!Well, the DVD arrived today and it is only a minute fraction [i.e., only 8 shows from this far more extensive series] selection of the books recipes. What a misleading dissapointment - as I expected when I place the order for this dvd that it reflected the full series ... nothing in the product description indicated otherewise.Would I still purchase it if I knew up front that it was not the full series ... probably yes ... because I love Julia as well as the series and the book.However, the nature of this post is "Buyer beware"
A peek inside the process.: First thing's first, "Homespun" is an album of demos for "Apple Venus". If you don't have that record, look there first (although if you're new to XTC, "Skylarking" is the usual recommendation).So a collection of demos, what to expect? Essentially it's a track-by-track match for "Apple Venus". Sonically, you couldn't tell it's so much a set of demos except in a couple places ("Frivolous Tonight") because it sounds so complete, in fact to the point where some pieces sound virtually identical to their final takes-- even in places you wouldn't expect it like orchestral workouts "River of Orchids" and "Green Man".Is it interesting? Yeah, extremely, and in a lot of places it can be as good or better than the original ("Knights in Shining Karma"), but truth to be told, unless you're a diehard, you probably don't need to hear the work versions of this material. More casual fans definitely want to check out "Apple Venus", it's a fine record.
As good as the guy's new book on Horatio Nelson.: I read Antony Beevor which got me hooked on Stalingrad, and this book is as good as Beevor's. It is also as good as Hayward's new book on Admiral Nelson. Both get my high praise. Scholarly works that are also readable are few and far between, so make the most of this guy's work.
a worthy addition to WW II Eastern Front histories: I've read a tremendous amount on the subject of WW II history, so very rarely do I read a book with anything new to tell me. This book is in that class and well-written too. The two points I found interesting were the discussion of the original focus of Hitler's 1942 campaign in Russia and the first extensive history I've read about the airlift effort to save Paulus' 6th Army trapped at Stalingrad. He offers original research into 1) the question of just who promised Hitler that the Luftwaffe could sustain 6th Army by airlift, and 2)just how successful the Soviets were in interfering with the airlift. For anyone interested in the history of WW II on the Eastern Front, this book is a must read.
Do Not Buy This Software!: I tried this software as an alternative to ULead's DVD PictureShow. The good news: DVD Photoplay makes it easier to load pictures into a slide show project than ULead's software.The bad news: THE SOFTWARE DOESN'T WORK. I've tested the program on three computers: An IBM Laptop with a HP USB CD Writer, a Dell desktop with an internal CD Writer, and a Sony VAIO desktop with an internal CD Writer. Whenever I tried to write the project to CD, the software failed to recognize my CD Writer on each machine.I emailed customer support, and though I was assured I would receive an answer within 3 days, 10 days later I still haven't heard from them.I wish I had kept my receipt so that I could get my money back for this worthless software...
Spiderman Trilogy [Blu-ray]: This is an oustanding product, i love the quality of the picture and sound. if you are a spiderman fan, blu-ray is the way to go! I highly recommend this product!
Awesome: This movie was awesome! The picture and sound quality were top notch as well as the bonus content. Definitely worth every cent.
I am so glad I found this!: At one time this cereal was available in my local stores. However it was discontinued. I searched the internet and finally found "Quaker Oat Bran" here. The cereal is great it is crunchy and holds the crunchiness even after you add the milk. I love the flavor and it helps to control my cholesterol too.
Excellent.....REALLY: Once I recovered from the eye strain at the tiny print, I realized I'd just read an earth shattering book on Wicca and Witchcraft. Taken in hand, with all the books with bad history, this book fixes them all. Just rip out the history section in every book you have and glue this book in its place.It is unapologetically Modernistic, with the sources to back it up.EXCELLENT, really, EXCELLENT.
Its a cable: Its a cable, it works, what else do you want? I know its not the cheapest one out there, but this one says "sony" on it. Yea!! But, I am a true believer that you only get what you pay for. Im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market. who knows, but I sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products.
awesome book to explain death to children: The book is great. Just watch out for the shipping especially if you want to order more than 1. You cant do it without paying double the shipping... bad rip off.
I'm grateful for this book: We had two beloved cats die during my child's fifth year and I wanted a book that dealt with death frankly but gently. This book doesn't promise eternal life or give any religious message. In several different ways and using different living things as examples the book communicates that death is a natural part of life. My girl has even requested this book a couple times at bedtime, which I found slightly surprising.
Effective book for discussing physical death with a child: As a public school librarian, I would say that "Lifetimes" is an effective picture book for an adult to share with a child (or children) in dealing with the subject of death. However, as a person of faith, I would add that the scope of this book is limited to earthly life and therefore does not touch on the belief in life after death.The text states: "Nothing that is alive goes on living for ever." This statement either reflects the authors' intent on only dealing with the concept of physical death, or it could be interpreted as their belief statement. This is why I'd suggest that "Lifetimes" be read by, or shared with, a caring adult who would be able to answer a child's questions based on a family's belief system.
Great band even better now: Ra has to be one of the most underrated band in rock music.When I heard their first cd I was blown away. These guys are amazing. The whole feel of this band is just is so different than anything I have heard in many years. This cd is really good and I would hope the world would sit up and take notice.These guys are talented musicians and in modern music that can be rare.The music is angery and powerful and then it is smooth and melodic.Tell Me, I lost everything today,The only one, and got me going are some of the ones that stand out to me.The cover of the Police's "Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic" is one of the more interesting covers I have ever heard.If you liked "From One" the buy this disc. I would love to see these guy live.
USA1: Is this the current state of scholarship at the Academy today?? No footnotes or primary sources listed for such conclusions?? Are we supposed to believe these pinheads just because they have PHD behind their name? The other side can list hundreds of primary sources in their works. I'm sure all the pc teachers and profs love this and it will probably be a staple at every modern college. Not worth a dime for a thinking person who really wants the truth.
Worst Night World book: This is the worst book in the Night World series. Gillian is LJ Smith's worst heroine[Mary Lynette is the best] Gillian is superficial, all she thinks about is being the most popular girl at school and getting David. David is the worst Night World hero[Thierry is the best]. He is stupid[he cheated on the SATs].If you haven't read any of the Night World books, don't start with this one.
This book is messed up: In this book, not only is there no real "love" scenes, but to top it off, the girl's cousin tries to convince her that he is her soulmate. Granted, Angel is dead, but he's still related to her and definately should NOT be trying to catch his own cousin. Ewww. To top off the wrongness that is this book, there is barely any mention of vamps and stuff. Also, this is a 'coming of age' story about how being popluar isn't the most important. I love every other Night World book, but this is retarded.
Impressive: One of the few CDs of Asatru music that I actually enjoy. I could quibble with some things in the lyrics which are not quite in line with the lore, but overall I find the music both pleasant and inspiring.This CD draws upon Scandinavian folk music for inspiration for its melodies. With the exception of one track, the lyrics are in English. The lead singer, Andrea Nebel Haugan, can actually sing! Professionally done and melodic.Many of my non-Heathen friends also enjoy listening to this CD.
The Haiku Year exemplifies integrating creativity: This small gem of a book can be appreciated not only from a modern poetic viewpoint but also from a philosophical standpoint as a comment on integrating pure creativity into our everyday motions. Read this book and be prepared to question your own thoughts. Perceptions might change after an afternoon with this book...
Not What I'd Hoped For: I had expected, or at least hoped for, a more or less straightforward account of the Mothman phenomenon of some 30 years ago. Instead, this meandering book comprises "hick" UFO sightings that are only infrequently connected with Mothman, and Keel's trust-me-I- know-what-I'm-talking-about theories and explanations. I was particularly dismayed by seemingly endless accounts of men (in black) behaving badly. With little to recommend it (and aside from providing some details on the Mothman sightings, there's no other recommendation), "The Mothman Prophecies" is a considerable disappointment.
SHAME ON YOU MR. KEEL !!!: Let me just start by saying that the " MOTHMAN PROPHECIES" is not a novel, nor is it a coherent story. It starts strong, just enough to draw you in, then it goes down the spectral energy crap hole. Were led to believe that Mr. Keel is a sensiable, unbiased investigator, when really he's a parinoid delusional whack. I'm only 15, and I don't buy a word of it!!! see the movie instead.
And the point was...?: Although I prefer books with an actual plot, I don't mind reading choppy, journal-type entries if there is actually a point to all of it, or if at least such entries are entertaining. This book's are, albeit only in the beginning. After a while you'll begin to wonder if the author wanted to portray himself as a paranoid schizophrenic or if that's just a side effect of the complete lack of organization and logic in his writing style.This book wasn't worth the time--or the title. There's hardly anything about "the mothman" in it.
Mothman proficies ?: 257 pages covering Men in Black, lights in the sky, and phone troubles. 10 pages about the Mothman. If you want to read the same old 70's UFO stories, this is your book. If you want to read about the Mothman, buy something else.
Never Before.......: Have I quit reading a book.I made it to page 123 before I had to stop. I've waited years to read this, oh man was I disappointed.I thought it would be an intelligent well written peice on the mothman mystery. I don't know what this was. Holy mackeral. i've never seen such bad writing. Someone else mentioned incoherent, tell me about it! This was all over the place. I had absolutely no clue was was going on in this book. Just crazy!Just a few of my favourites:" so horrified she dropped the small baby in her arms. The child began to cry, more insulted than hurt." what!? I'm thinking the kids was more hurt than insulted. This Keel dude is too much....Talking about this "mysterious" guy Tiny who a witness said saw a wire running up his pant leg. and i quote" was tiny wearing electric socks? or was he a wired android operated by remote control."what???! pretty much where I stopped before my mind turned to mush
Are you joking?: I'm giving it one star because less isn't possible here.You people _do_ realize that this book and all others of its kind are complete and utter fiction, right? There is and can be no truth behind them whatsoever: no science, no documentary or physical evidence, nothing! There are no MIBs (except in the movies), no secret "conspiracies" to hide evidence of alien visitations, no alien abductions,... absolutely none of this book or any of its kind are true.Ask yourselves: If this is really true, then why, with our government so unable to keep secrets about presidential peccadillos, financial scandals, politcal dirty tricks, payoffs, espionage and intelligence screwups and the like, how any "conspiracy" of this magnitude escaped detection and revelation?It simply makes no sense. It is pure entertainment, nothing more.And you Five-Star reviewers have credit cards....?
fine if you support terrorism: I find the terrorist links in her songs offensive.Taken from Fire Fire-"Growin up, Brewin UpGuerilla gettin trained uplook out look outFrom over the Rooftop" [reffering to LTTE snipers]"Competition coming up nowLoad up,Aim,Fire Fire,Pop"She has a lot of LTTE propaganda in her music website, and even promotes this terrorist organisation in her music. She needs to get a grip, and the people buying her music need to get a grip and actually look at what they're buying here.
Good for afterwork cruising, better for airplane tranquility: Listening to this cd, I turned my car stereo all the way up, on my way back from work. The lyric is very ostentatious and the beats are showy. 10 dollars and Hombre are two of my favorite tracks, they are both clever yet funny. It does have a political overtone, but it's ok, I like the revolution type mood. It's actually very good stuff when you are on a plane, totally blocks out the crying sound of babies next seat, and you can imagine a party in your head.
What's the big deal?: The only thing interesting about this album is mia's accent. Seriously, the beats her singing is layered over are tired and clichéd. If the vocals on this album were by anyone else it would not be in the top 500. Final Verdict: Bad music.
Excellant: I love Kala as well, because it sounds cleaner and more developed. However this album was an excellant break out in her career. fire, fire is one of my favorites. Mix with marijuana.
So Original, So Fun: A friend introduced me to this CD and it's quickly become a favourite. M.I.A.'s music so catchy and so fun to dance to, yet it's also lasting...I've been listening to it over and over. And I love the fact that she brings an ethnic vibe into her music.
noritake colorwave stoneware: I was disappointed with the shipping delay of the cooking company. They said they would reimburse the shipping charges but to this date they have not. The product was shipped beyond the date which they said they would ship it, and this was an unusual amount of time.
A wish to time travel to 1880's Rockaway.: Old Rockaway, New York in Early Photographs, exceeded my expectations! I thought it would provide a photographic history of perhaps the 1930's and 1940's. I was pleasantly surprised to find nineteenth century photographs of the peninsula in its true heyday. Having lived in Arverne during the 1960's and 70's, I was amazed to see that the rich and famous visited this area very similar to the way the rich and famous today visit the Hamptons on the east end of Long Island. As you view the postcards from this early era, you can actually see the unspoiled landscape of sand dunes and bay marshes that no longer exist. And the magnificent hotels and homes that graced this once popular resort prove to me that the City of New York truly mis-managed the development since the 1930's.
Old age gold...: As a 27 year old man from the UK, I was stunned by how this record took me back to bike rides along the beach in a simpler time (which was quite frankly, before my time). I love it and hope you do too.Thanks, OC.
Tiene que ser sensilla!!: Quien no va a ser sensilla con la poca fama, talento, y bellesa que esta mujer tiene? No tiene voz suave, ni fuerte. Deveria dedicarse a otra cosa. Lo que sea.. menos cantar, y actuar porque seria igual de ridicula que Patty Navidad!! Este es uno de los peores Discos que he escuchado en toda mi vida!!
Repetitive and monotone: I really wanted to like this book based on the title and the cover art. Instead, I found myself not caring about the narrator whatsoever. She repeats the same few thoughts throughout the entire book. She reminds the reader that her mother is dead and that nobody loves her so many times that I stopped caring about her situation. Her repetition and monotone voice stops the narrator from being truly developed as a character that we can connect with. Some parts of her story seem unnecessary and pointless as they don't really lead to anything of interest later on. Her characterization was too direct and left nothing for the reader to consider for themselves. The title is extremely misleading as we learn absolutely nothing about her mother- aside from her death during childbirth. I am unable to find anything positive to describe about this book, sadly.
Worst book I've ever read: This has got to be one of the most depressing books I have ever read. Not depressing in the sense that the tone of the book was depressing (which it was), but depressing in the sense that it was such poor quality. This was the first book I "attempted" to read by the author, since I couldn't waste my time trying to finish it. I am pretty sure I won't be reading any other books by Jamaica Kincade.
Frankenstein Continued??: When I first heard about this book, I wonderded if it was going to be a new story or a continuation. Fortunately, a continuation.I had read reviews about the book here and after the local library did not ever have a copy in sock, I bought it. I read it in 4 days, reading each night after work. I can say it was a good read. Steady flowing action, no real dull moments, no unnecessary story lines, etc. I was not disappointed at all.I gave it only 4 stars, much for the same reason others have, the ending was rushed and abrupt. But, never fear, there is to be 3 more books before the real ending. So, we all have something to look forward to.This is only the second Koontz book I have read, so I was unable to distinguish where he was writing and the other author was writing. More die hard Koontz fans may be able to tell the difference.So, overall a good, smooth, never dull, read. Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a different take on the classic tale of a mad scientist.
Fine until it started eating tapes: Like many of the other reviewers, my ZR40 is now giving me the infamous "Remove cassette" message and is mangling tapes. I have used it to record maybe 7 hours worth of video over the last two years. Search the web for "canon zr users group" and "eating tapes" to hear similar horror stories. Stay away from Canon camcorders.
My [Goodness]!!!!: world.....do noti repeatdo not get this camcorderthere is nothing worse than thisi wasted [money]buying it from amazon.comi could have gotten the same thing [for less]including firewire, 4 dv's, and a carrying caseIt is honestly the worst, disgusting, and despicable electronic out thereif you get this you will have literallyliterally threw [your money]into the atlantic oceanDO NOT GET THIS EVEN IF SOMEONE PAYS FOR IT. RETURN IT. GET YOUR MONEY BACK!!!!!!!
Lots of effects, lightweight & easy to use.: Awesome Camcorder & Camera functions in this lightweight, easy to use camcorder make it a breeze to shoot great memories for a novice like me, right out of the box. This camcorder also has a huge selection of special effects, and options to make really interesting video effects. I love this camcorder!
excellent book for the novice improviser to the instructor: Izzy does a great job of making the format of the book simple yet engaging. His explaination of the games with goals, group size, time, process and variations for each of the games is very helpful. It is written so that a sales team leader could pick it up and have some great games to get his/her team thinking creatively, working on teamwork and self confidence. My only complaint as a past performer and current instructor is that it isn't long enough. Write another.
hard -to-find tension rods: Our living room has a "bow" window with five narrow panels. I looked many places for narrow-but-strong tension rods. I was pleased to find these and to get free shipping. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you.
YES, YES, YES great read: Love the book..I was born 250 years too late..I would have liked to been there at the time...HOWEVER, massacre does not sound like it feels good ! lol
A MUST HAVE!: I am not one for writing reviews. Just in it for the music. Dance With Angels is FANTASTIC! You pass on this CD and it is your loss.
Paradise kiss rocks!!!!: OMG!! thats all i can say.its just sooo fabulous!!! when i first heard about it i was contridicting weather or not i should read it but then i decided ,"hey why not?" now that i read this fab manga,theres no turning back!!!this is totally a keeper! i strongly recomend!!!!
If you are a Nirvana fan this album is not for you.: I am a huge Nirvana fan I have been one ever since 1990 when I first listened to Bleach. If you are die hard like me you will not like this album, you probably already have all the songs on this album so don't waste your money. The only reason I would recommend someone to but this album is if they did not buy the box set. I wish I had my $10.00 back.
Ehh: The disc is intact but the case is in terrible ocndition. It is broken in half and chipped off of the top portion of the case.
"True" Nirvana sucks: I'll tell you what's REALLY in the spirit of the band: that FBI seal and warning on the back cover that states that any and all duplications of the cd are "illegal". Not that anybody would enjoy a duplication anyway. If this is "true" Nirvana, then "true" Nirvana sucks.
garbage: Complete garbage, the sound quality is horrible, if your going to release a best of cd, record it with something other than a preschool microphone covered with a wet rag.
Not what I expected: I should have read what the cd was about. I thought it was just music by Chopin but it was really a lot of soprano singing.
Love these glasses: I love these Anchor Hocking glasses. My parents have had a set of this pattern for years. When I moved into my own place in college and was tired of the free plastic cups I had I went to the store and found these glasses. I have 8 big glasses in a blue color, but I'm wanting matching in a smaller glass and can't seem to find the same color. Anyway, I really like that the squares help you hold the glass easier. Also, these glasses are very stable, don't tip easily. Plus, they are bottom heavy but not too bottom heavy, that way they don't slip out of your hands as easily. I have broken many other glasses cause they were too bottom heavy, but I have never broken one of these.
Forsyte Saga - a well awarded but oft forgotten classic: I'll make this short and to the point. I'm quite the avid reader, but usually I don't enjoy books of this nature, opting for fantasy and sci-fi escapism instead. This story is just beautifully told though. The subtleties of the characters and the twisting lives of the Forsyte family are fascinating and makes this one helluva a page turner. I was hooked immediately. I honestly believe that people of all ages will love this book, and I urge you to give it a shot! I know sometimes that novels taking place in this particular era can seem daunting for those of us who crave more "Adventure! Action!" type books, but there is no lack of excitement here!
The book is great but the edition is an embarrasment: ... for Oxford University Press. There are quite a few annoying typos. I can see how the new Forsyte by the name Scames or the unlisted French word "ficbe" came about as a result of faulty character recognition, but how Soames, born in 1855, got to be thirty-eight in in 1885, is beyond me. Don't they have proof-readers anymore?By all means read the book--you may find out how a lot of later works of literature derive from it--but not in this edition.
Expensive experiment that didn't work: I was hoping for an acid that was convenient to use. Well, this is pretty convenient, just swipe. But it did nothing for me. I wanted to try and get rid of the little bumps clogging my pores and frequent breakouts. However, my skin remained the same. And while it doesn't really have a scent, there seems to be some chemicals wafting off the pads that affected my sinuses because I have quite a sensitive nose. I switched to using them on my back and got the same result, which was nothing. So it was an expensive experiment that didn't work. It may work for someone else but it did nothing for me. Most disappointing. I have since switched to the salicylic gel peel, which hurts a whole lot more, but gets the job done.
Lame Jujitsuka: I find that the moves that Wally Jay was at best very mediocre. I am originally from Hawaii and have had many Judokas that can do major moves that when watching them, the moves that they do is much more fluid and very continuous. To see that many martial artists are screaming their credentials and rank is making me tired. Though, I started martial arts at 3 years old and became a head instructor at 19, I have more skills that I need to perfect. I just hope to see real martial artists can be recognised.
Small type: My review centers on only one thing - the type size. This edition is disappointingly and, in my humble opinion, unnecessarily small. Increasing the type size a point or two would move the edition from unreadable to readable and, at most, increase the book length by about a hundred pages. Since it is currently at almost 500 pages, I feel quite certain the binding could accommodate another 100 pages with no problem.What makes it all the more frustrating is that the type itself is a nice clean face that wouldn't require a magnifying glass if it was just a little larger.I really don't believe Our Lord meant for us to suffer eye strain to read His word; nor do I think He wants us to carry around large books when small books with readable type would serve the (His) purpose.
Takes Tree-hugging to a New Level (Third): In the forest of Midworld, one had better learn to hug close to one's home tree or risk being killed by innumerable plants, animals, insects, and other beings less well categorized.Yet, despite a living space defined by various levels of Hell below and above, this planet accommodates a small group of humans who succeeded in adapting to its rigors. Ironically, the one intolerable element is the relatively new colony set up in a clear-cut space by humans with corporate minds and driven by more motives than just sheer greed,Alan Dean Foster is one of my favorite authors - though I remain envious of his imagination, writing skills, and the interesting life he has fashioned for himself. As much as possible on this planet, he's experienced much of the action he describes in his fiction.
Best Alan Dean Foster book!: I read this years ago when I was a pre-teen, and it had me hooked on SF.Alan Dean has let me down time and time again since, but this book is a classic.You MUST read this one. It'll be fun, and you won't be able to put it down.After finishing this one, try hunting down "Dark Star", a movie-novelization that is almost as good as "Midworld".
Plain Putrid: This book is so obscene in some parts, and its not even written by Naomi Campbell, but some filthy man. Dont pick up this book if you want your brain to be burnt away by the promiscious literary flop of some freak.
Can I shoot myself now??: A few years back I was forced to read "Tess" for my English class. Nobody in my class could ever finish reading the book... only a few of us could ever even finish the Cliff Notes for it. Our Professor tried solving the situation by renting us the video, but all of us were fast asleep half an hour into it.Tess is a bimbo with no brain and an insult to women, yes, even at that time! This book is over-rated and should not be called a classic. If you really want to read good literature, read D.H.Lawrence, read Tolstoy, read evn modern classical writers like Achebe, but for crying out loud, do NOT waste your time and money on "Tess.."
Awful: This was one of the worst books I have ever read. It goes on way to long with a lot of filler which seems out of place.
Cruel and Depressing Story: Hardy paints a cruel picture of women in lower society. They are either tempted or cause evil mischief with a tragic ending. He had created a virtuous women in the form of Tess and ends her as a criminal. It is impossible for a women of Tess's virtue to turn into a criminal. I would not recommend this book to anyone who would look to escape from Depression.
The book was boring, because of its victorian ideals.: Tess was a very boring book. From an analytical point, the book's major theme was FATE. However, you must be interested in the victorian era, in order to enjoy the book. It is the same thing with the Scarlet Letter, to enjoy the book you must know about the time era. The problems that the characters are faced with in the book are laughable by todays standards.
Obligatory: My kindle is making me do this...One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
Good Companion Piece: I read this book soon after I had seen the A&E mini-series. Reading the book after watching the series gave me a better appreciation for the dialect(s) Hardy uses throughout the novel which could be a little difficult to decipher. Very good book overall.
Great classic: I remember having to read this novel in high school and wanted to read it again. I had forgotten most of the story and thoroughly enjoyed following Tess through her trials and tribulations, albeit some self imposed.
Beautifully written, dark Masterpiece about an unforgetable Victorian girl.: A beautifully written, dark masterpiece about an unforgetable Victorian girl. Her father discovers he is descended from aristocracy and drinks himself into a stupor, unable to fulfill his obligations. Tess takes his place and, through a series of misfortunes, is sent away to rich 'relatives' with the hope of getting financial assistance for her family. She meets a rogue at the mansion, and is taken in by him in so many ways. Fast forward. She meets another man and falls in love. Through their tragic love story, much is discovered about the morality, rules, and expectations of Victorian society.Thomas Hardy has brought to life amazing characters in this work, and he has conceived a story which will embed themselves into the psyche as one contemplates this work again and again. It's a beautiful love story, and so much more. Highly recommended!
I hated this book then....: ...and hate it now. My only revenge for being forced to read Tess as a kid is to write a negative review as an adult. So there, that's done.
Bad purchace.: Well I thought I was getting the student edition, but I got the Instructor's edition. I guess I'll have to go back to B&N.
Ummm: I have been using this for several months now and I am not particularly impressed by it. The liquid itself is smooth and silky and it goes on and washes off quite easily but it seems to not have done anything to/for my skin. Jury's sill out for me...
Science Fact Empowers Science Fiction: Mars Rising is the best documentary I've ever seen about the issues surrounding a future manned mission to Mars. Shatner's voice-over gives it extra credibility.Race to Mars is the most realistic movie ever made in the "manned mission to Mars" genre.
Unbearable Lightness of Being-- Unbearable Yet Enjoyable: In an Age of Communist Oppression, we see a side of Daniel Day-Lewis reminiscent of the lovable letch 'Newland' in The Age of Innocence. Daniel plays perfectly a doctor living in Prague, who cannot tolerate oppression-OR resist women, and both influences drive him to do the unimaginable. It's amazing seeing two main rivals for his affections manage NOT to kill each other-as they pussyfoot around the painful truth. Lena Olin (Sabina) is the perfect seductress in her famous bowler hat-and one can easily love as well as hate her, as she tries to deceive the ever wise Tereza Tomas' wife (Juliette Binoche). Thumbs up to Tereza who acknowledges what Tomas cannot- as she forces him to face his weakness-and their love provides a measure of redemption. Still, it's Tomas' decision to return to Prague that results in terrible consequences. If not for the needless eroticism, this would have been a 5 star movie.
Please read Kundera's book instead: Kundera's novel The Unbearable Lightness of Being is absolutely amazing, and this film falls so far short of it. Despite my almost-immediate dislike of the film, I actually stuck it out and watched the entire thing (hoping that Daniel Day-Lewis could somehow salvage it or that the film might actually express some idea from Kundera's book). But I was sorely disappointed.But please read Kundera's novel, because it is wonderful. I can't help but think that Kundera was referring to this film when he wrote in his later novel Immortality: "The present era grabs everything that was ever written in order to transform it into films, TV programs, or cartoons. What is essential in a novel is precisely what can only be expressed in a novel, and so every adaptation contains nothing but the nonessential."
Sad Yet Beautiful: The unbearable lightness of being is the ability to give your body without becomimg emotionally involved. This is no problem for the hero of this film, but it is a wrenching experience for the heroine, who believes in emotional and physical fidelity to her mate, and cannot change her feelings. This film explores the difference between the two, and the pain that one causes the other by his "lightness of being".Towards the end the movie becomes a tearjerker, so be ready to cry your eyes out.
Milan Kundera rides again...: A wonderful drama of the unfolding of two lives... Read the book, too. Not for the shallow-minded.
Lacking: The movie was fine to watch but it was so different from the book. I told my father all about the book so he decided to rent the movie from the library and watch it with me. Big mistake. In the film the sex scenes came off as standard sex scenes. In the book there is a strong focus on the involved parties thoughts and motivations. Void of philosophy and psychology.
The Unbearable Length of Worker & Parasite (End Spoiler): Basically, it goes like this, Eastern European intellects survive by being in constant angst and having lots of sex. At the end, of what seems frigging hours and hours of self-loathing, when they finally find happiness, they all die in a truck accident.
disappointed: I have been very impressed by other "pickin on" music: Lynyrd Skynyrd, Led Zep, Santana, to name a few I have. However, Hendrix music did not translate well at all into the bluegrass style, it was a great disappointment, and this is one CD I will get rid of quickly.
The birth of Drone??: As far as I know,this predates anything else known as "drone" music,which seems to be a popular genre these days.This is about as psychedelic as it gets,your mind wandering out into the infinite void.So good.
Short stories with a message: Living In Chaos Is Living In Stability is a book involving true stories with powerful thoughts which are encouraging and uplifting. This book is personal in that it is about peoples' private lives and their experiences and yet it relates to everyday life because these experiences can occur to anybody. Whether you are at the peak of your life or beginning a new chapter in your life, something drastic can happen and change your world around. The stories are touching, yet enlightening and they bring you inner strength to deal with the realities of life.I would strongly recommend this book to readers from all walks of life.
Fantastic products - great way to try them all!: I try everything new, hoping to find something that will show me some results right away and give me back the glow in my skin that seems to wither away as time passes (and I'm only 36!) --Anyway, when I read about rice bran, I thought why not - this brand contains a lot of rice bran - it's like the 2nd ingredient in everything after water, and there is nothing else in it I couldn't pronounce. The stuff smells great, and goes on non-greasy, especially the face cream it's like my face is so thirsty for it that it just sucks it all in. The TrueRenu store gives you cute little pahmplets with details on all the ingredients, and insturctions (the packages are written in Japanese so you need to read their instructions) - and I even got a free gift of green tea - yum!
Amazingly soft hair!: I have been looking for an all natural shampoo, and this is a wonderful one. It made my hair incredibly soft with tons of body--I was incredibly surprised at how well it worked on my hair. The sample is worth the price just to test it out.
Prose-Poetry to inspire: I agree with most of the positive reviews on this book and although I am a little biased (Kerouac is my favorite author), this book inspired me to write a poem after I finished reading it. And although it may not inspire you to do anything at all, it is that good that it could inspire something positive in your life or even in your viewpoint or artwork if you're an artist. I read "On The Road", "The Town and The City", and just before this one, "The Subterraneans", which I found really great but quite difficult to read without having blood run out of your ear from sentences that were 2 or 3 pages long ! This one was much more fun to read and I could not put it down. If you really like Jack you should also check out James Baldwin and Norman Mailer.
On the Road To Enlightenment: Less plot, more pot than On the Road. Where Kerouac's most famous novel was all about reckless travel, music, girls, and rebellion, Dharma Bums is more introspective. Lots of meditation, soul searching and existential ruminations about life, truth, and nature. My only regret is that I didn't choose the book format, as it was hard to keep up with all the philosophical ramblings while listening in the car.
Flat Kerouac: I'm amazed at how many people find the Dharma Bums worth reading. It's Kerouac at his flattest. The sentences lack his usual energy and lyrical beauty, there is virtually no action and the Buddhist philosophy feels pasted on and contrived. This is definitely not a Kerouac book to recommend. Readers would to better to pick up a copy of Desolation Angels or (excepting the 140 pages of transcribed conversation in the middle) Visions of Cody. If you've already read lots of Kerouac and you want to move on to a modern counterpart, pick up Vincent Czyz's Adrift in a Vanishing City ... lyrical, experimental, hot-house writing that takes a quick-talkin drifter out of his native Kansas as far afield as Berlin, Mexico City and Paris. And through it all, he never loses his vernacular, even when waxin metaphysical. You might also try sliding over to Henry Miller ... not Tropic of Cancer, which is his most popular, but Sexus, which is far better written.
Self Indulgent Nonsense: The operative word from the title is "bums". This is a book about them and their self indulgent, self righteous idleness. A work with no redeeming features.
Outlines of Theology, AA Hodge: Kindle edition: Very disappointed. The book is a great work, but there are so many unreadable words in the Kindle e-book edition that after a few pages of frustration, you finally give up trying. This product should either be taken off the availablity or corrected for errors so it becomes readable.
Life changing!: This book has changed my life. It opened my eyes about how we think ourselves into misery. I'm want to buy copies to away give to people in my life.
not worth it: mediocre at best Story line was bad; dry and predictable only action scenes drew interest. they used one liners from previous movies.
WAIT FOR THE BETTER DVD COMBO!! So dissapointing!: I pre ordered this thinking it was a great deal for 18$ but I was so wrong! Not only was it just the blu ray movie but there were NO EXTRAS on either the blu ray or the regular dvd!! They rushed this out to trick us all. This is worth 5$ not 20$! For 20$ I bought the extended edition blu ray/DVD combo edition of suckerpunch and it came with over 4 hours of extras! WAIT FOR THE BETTER VERISON! THIS MOVIE IS SO INCREDIBLE save your money and wait to see it with the extras! trust me!!! I returned this the day I got it, and will be saving up for the deluxe edition and maybe even the box set with tons of extras!
Not really a good movie: This film is like a teenager with short attention span. Storytelling is like facebooking.Too many plots to cover, horrible pacing, no depth.
transformers: The 3d was awesome in this movie makes the movie even more better. This movie was more darker then the other movies ther some comedy thrown in at the right moment.
Loved It!: I'm an Original Transformers fan from the original cartoon. There was action from start to finish and the Love Story didn't slow thing for me. I've watched this movie numerous times and still see things I missed the first few times i watch it. Loved It!
Transformers: Dark of the moon: All I can say is AWESOME, the family loved it and was so very HAPPY to watch and enjoy on a great family evening, Thanks Bunches!
TRANFORMERS DARK OF THE MOON: transformers dark of the moon my granddaughter really enjoys watching this dvd she especially likes bumble bee she is fascinated by their transformation
1 was a sin, 2 was an atrocity, 3 lacks a word to describe its awfulness: When I saw a review giving this movie 0 out of 5 (the 3rd time this respected source has ever done so), I should have listened. If 2 had plot holes, 3 has plot chasms. There is no story. A few special effects can not redeem such gaping wounds that make up the rest of the film (plot, charisma, fan service). Michael Bay really needs to stop raping people's childhoods (a la South Park George Lucas style).Go watch the '86 animated film instead and save yourself the excruciating pain that is The Dark Side of the Moon (and I'm not talking Pink Floyd).
Yeah: I mean, this was never the greatest movie ever, but I own the other two so logically i had to have this one. Came quickly, shipped well, no problems...except the film itself...just....bad.
Please, if this is the way this franchise is going... STOP!: This rated as one of the worst movies that I have ever see. I found it to be a total waste of my time. Unless you are a devoted Transformers Fan that must see or have all things Transformers stay away from this movie.
instant video is mislabeling it's movies as 3d: I did a search for 3d movies on Amazon instant video and this movie came up, but when I purchased it I was disapointed to see that it wasn't 3d. I am writing this review without watching more than 5 minutes of the movie so it's not that the movie is bad. Amazon needs to re-label their 3d movie selection.
Another 'video game' type of movie, Whyyy?: Lots of loud noise and quick movements. Just the kinds of things that monkeys and idiots enjoy. Please...for the love of God, do not make another sequel. This movie really sucked!
Great eye candy, but compares poorly to the first one: No surprises left, and a highly predictable plot. But great action scenes and spectacular special effects. Tires hard to reinvigorate the first episode, but lacks the suspense and drama. My 8 years olds got a kick out of it. I got bored.
Horrible: Absolutely rubbish. Would not feed this film to a dog. Simply not good by any measure. You really ought to find something else to do with your time. Sure wish I did.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon: By most accounts, the Michael Bay-directed Transformers films to date are not very good, but that hasn't stopped them from making gobs and gobs of cash, and this third installment, Dark of the Moon, made the most of them all. This time around, Sam Witwicky and the Autobots must race to recover and protect an ancient Autobot ancestor who crash landed on the moon, but the Decepticons interfere, and things aren't exactly as they seem. I found Dark of the Moon to be an improvement over the second installment, with some impressive special effects work and action sequences, but the film as a whole leaves a lot to be desired. Don't expect to find much more to the movie than "Ooh, big robots and explosions!" But hey, for some, that's really all you need.
The movie itself is ok, the streaming for it was crap.: The movie wouldn't play steadily. I had to watch this on Netflix later.An error kept popping up saying my internet connection wasn't fast enough to play the movie.My internet connection was fine. I had watched movies before and after, and when I checked online with Amazon's customer service page, I more than all the minimum requirements.This is the first time I've had problems streaming with Amazon, but it was awful. Every 10-15, the movie would stop and pop up the error message. I tried restarting the app, restarting my PS3, and no luck.
The perfect movie, for a 12 yr old: I gave it one star because the website doesn't allow it to go any lower, and, for all the effort put in by the computer animation team. Other than that, this movie should be negative 1 star.The plot and sequences does not make any sense what so ever. To list a few; teleporting another planet into earth's atmosphere? Really? Optimus prime getting trapped in a bunch of cables for 20mins of the movie? High tech alien robotic race ends up fighting with shields, swords, and axes?There's literally some plot hole or something that does not make sense every 5minutes of the movie, throughout the ENTIRE thing. If you thought the second movie was ridiculous, wait until you see this.The only reason to watch this movie is if you want to leave your brain dead for 2hours and watching flashy robots transform and fire rockets at random things. Besides that, please do yourself a favor and do something more productive with the extra 2 hours of your life.
Lights out on this awful film: I went to see this with the hope of getting Revenge of the Fallen's bad taste out of my mouth.Fission MailedWhere to begin? The plot, while being nowhere near as "immature" as ROTF, still suffered from being clogged with too much filler and not making much sense. It's an overlong mess with the CGI eye candy being the only redeeming factor of this film. It's clear that Bay knows how to make a big budget action film with explosions aplenty, but he cannot write a decent script for these movies to save his life. It's not his forté and hasn't been since The Rock. The movie peaks with a huge, final battle in Chicago that is nuts, but you will just be wanting it to be over with by the time it finally takes place. The 3D is well used in spots, but that cannot make up for the fact that almost everything in it is just a letdown. Do not buy unless you really want to complete your collection.
Not that great: The first transformers movie will always be the best one, and its just ok. The movies too long jumping back and forth, very poorly constructed.
Digital Copy Code Expired 9/30/12: I bought this during a Black Friday sale; the digital copy was significant part of my purchasing decision. Inexcusably, the digital copy code expired before this product was sold. At a minimum, this should have been disclosed in the product description.
Love this movie: Great movie but no special features on it. Once I opened that movie I noticed that there is a $10off coupon for the 3D version that is coming out with special features.
Could have been MUCH better and shorter: The plot/storyline was not cohesive. The movie is way too long with the characters not really coming to life. Making a movie longer is not making a movie better. In fact, if the movie is weak, making it longer just makes the point even more (painfully) obvious.I kept watching the movie to see if it would improve but unfortunately that was not the case.Maybe DreamWorks will just move on to another project.Save your money if you intend to buy. Better rent and save the rest for a better movie.
Review of Transformers:Dark of the Moon: This is an enjoyable science fiction actioner, with a fairly plausible plot for this type movie. It also has excellent acting, both the live actors and the voice acting for the Transformer robots. Only beef is that it's language makes it inappropriate for tweens and pre-teens. Overall, excellent for adults and recommended.
Transformers Dark of the Moon: A pure joy to watch with its many special effects. It is a true master piece that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
Movie is ok, but..................: the title of the disk pack is totally wrong.It should be Blue Ray + DVD and digital copy available for DLa 210gb download to get the digital copy instead of including it, to me is lame.you enter a very long url, then input the code and start the download managerafter it is finished you have to enter the long url again when you try to play the movie, and get a error 404 website not foundI can get to any other web site I enter, but not to the Transformers site so now the digital copy will not play because the site cannot be accessed.Paramount should take lessons from Fox on how to include the digital copy
Guys Movie: So for all of you people saying this movie was bad take a step back and look at what you are watching. This is a Hollywood Movie made for an audience who loves Explosions, Cars, Guns, Sexy Women, and a simple story line. This movie was not made to be realistic it is a SCI FI movie. Just pop some corn watch it and enjoy. Way better than the Notebook or any other chick flick out there.
Never thought I'd miss Megan Fox!: I was very excited to see this movie available on Amazon Prime, but I was disappointed once I started watching. I really couldn't stand Sam's new model girlfriend. She was so annoying and spends most of the film posing and pouting prettily. I was also confused during a lot of the movie and had trouble figuring out who a lot of the Decepticons were because they seemed very similar. Of course, I must admit that maybe it would have been clearer if I had followed more of the Transformers cartoon. Another big flaw was in the long action sequence involving a glass building. There's foreshadowing when the NASA guy announces that they're going to be taking refuge in a glass building. What could possibly go wrong?
Transformers: Dark of the Moon: watched this one and the previous one several times. Like this movie lots and so did the kids! thanks so much
Thought transformers suppose to be for kids....: I know a lot of movies aren't going to be kid friendly. That you will have to fast forward past some things. But Transformers, that advertise a kids theme, sold as toys at stores, can be find in MacDonald happy meals. So you would think the movie be for kids. But it not. They focus more on Sam and love gal then what the robots story. Forget Sam, the name of the movie is TRANSFORMERS.I rate this movie 1star...love the CGI for the robots. But you barley seen the robots. The whole movies is about Sam and his love interest. Michael Bay need to hang this up and give it to a true comic fan who can direct a movie about TRANSFORMERS...pitiful
Safety pins: As another reviewer noted these do not pierce cloth well at all so were basically useless for me. I threw them in the trash
Bad Movie By A Bad Wrestler: Do not bother! Cena does not have the potential of the Rock or even Kane for that matter. They are just trying to make more money off of the uneducated wrestling fan!
B-Movie-Licious: I am surprised by how much I enjoyed this. Surprised, and a little disappointed in my own taste, but anyway...You know exactly what to expect from this movie. Explosions, Fighting...and that's it. Luckily, it delivers both of those in spades, especially the 'splosions. I have never seen so many things blow up. Every fifteen minutes John Cena barely escapes some building blowing up. And in slow motion, of course. The story is Kelly Carlson is kidnapped by Robert Patrick and John Cena must rescue her.Robert Patrick is plain fantastic in this flick. The filmmaker is smart as he gave the lion's share of the line to Mr. Patrick. He plays a great, sarcastic bad guy, plain and simple. John Cena can act in the sense that Arnold Schwarzenegger can act. Mr. Cena lets his actions do the speaking, thankfully. Plus, he's a hottie so...Overall, just an easy, cheesy, blow-em-up, action B-movie. The extras are pretty lame, though.
Hell no.: Might actually watch this if Cena wasn't in it, if his acting is any worse than his wrestling persona this will be his last movie.*Update:Marine II will star Ted Dibease HAHAHAHAHAHAH LOL!!!! pathetic.
What a complete and utter waste of time, and money.: This movie really is a complete stinkpot.The acting is horrible,the action is way too over the top and unbeleivable,and the comedy is way too stupid and cheesy. First off the movie gets started in a crazy action scene/war flashback. No story what so ever. The car chase scene is so full of it, a car gets shot with a high powered rifle like 500 times and is still driving around. Even the twist at the end was completely easy to figure out. Please avoid this reeking exploding crock of ....
Please Listen to Me...Don't buy this product!: I've had many problems with Sony computer items before, but I thought I'd give this one a try. After being on the phone with Sony (who didn't even know what the emarker was) for over four hours, I still can't the thing to work. There's some problem with the program you download from emarker.com. The program has problems loading the emarker USB drive into your computer. Thus, you can't use it at all. If I were you, I'd wait till they develop this product further and work out all the problems. Sony told me they would pass my problem on to the Research and Development team, who would try to get back to me as soon as they can (I hope this team knows what the product is!)As for me, I plan on returning my emarker today.
Sony E-Marker is now obsolete: Excellent Product, but Sony is taking down the support for the product at the end of Sept so don't bother buying. Shame as it was really good while it lasted.
good idea, good looks, needs lots of work: I recently purchased the eMarker by Sony. It shows how far technology has come it also shows how useless some of afformentioned technology can be. It looks great attached to my keyring. Needless to say with it's sleek stylish good looks it attracts lots of attention. The main problem is its lack of extremely useful features. I hope Sony makes some revisions and releases a better more useful product like we have come to expect from them.
Totally Useless: I too bought into the hype that the emarker presented, but after using it for a week I realized how pathetic this product is. Its nothing more than a clock that marks the time of day you here the song and NOTHING ELSE! You have to look up everything manually including the radio station and the appropriate time. Not only that but you have to memorize which mark stands for which station, it doesnt even do that!! How stupid, does sony believe they can just sell products by putting their name on it. Tsk Tsk. The product is also really dependent on the internet, so if you dont have a good connection like me you can forget the practicality of the emarker. Actually, even if you do have a cable or dsl line, its still useless.
worthless: Where is the space for a zero star! Just purchased a emarker and ill tell you one thing, I should have read these reviews first. All the bad you hear about this little thing is true. I am not priveliged enough to live in an area Sony feels compelled to offer service in, so I dont even have one station to mark. The site is terrible and I cant even get the program to "enable" itself. Whats the difference though, cant do anything with it anyway. This is typical Sony. My advice, check out all the ratings here and go to the website and see if they even offer any stations in your area. Believe me, they wont tell you it will not work in your area. It, however, is a neat idea. Needs lots of work.
Another thingabob on a key chain: E-marker started to lose it's appeal when I had a problem with the driver. Sony provided little assistance with the situation and I basically had to solve it through trial and error. The website was easy to manuever through, but receiving the proper listings wasn't constant. I will give Sony credit for coming up with the idea, and respect it's potential. However, for now it serves as a interesting eye candy piece for my key chain.
Sony has pulled the plug: Use of the eMarker depends on the eMarker website. However, Sony has just announced that they are discontinuing the website, and so eMarker devices will now be useless. Don't buy one unless you want a museum piece.For those of us that already own an eMarker, Sony has graciously offered to provide a cash refund for every eMarker returned directly to them.
Worthless: Sony has stopped supporting the e-marker and is offering refunds to anyone who already has one.
Don't buy this Junk: Before buying this product I read all the reviews. Unfortunately, I didn't pay enough attention to the warnings that the product doesn't work. I thought I could trust a company like Sony to deliver a reliable product and figured that the poor reviews were the result of consumer error. I was wrong. The complementary reviews on this site just can't be real. The product looks nice but works like a piece of junk.
Artwork???: Did the National Socialists require censorship here or something? The new artwork isn't even scary... WTF You've ruined a classic. No one buy this BS.
Absolutely ruined it.: As a child I would stare at the Gammell's illustrations while re-reading each story over and over. The illustrations made this book much more imaginative and influential in my opinion. The new illustrations do not do this beloved set justice. I am extremely disappointed to find out that the original is out of print. Don't buy this for yourself or your kid. I loved these books so much when I was a kid, that I am actually going to write a letter (ON PAPER! with a stamp!!) to Harper Collins telling them about the role that crazy art had on my imagination and development as a creative person. Jeez. Absolutely terrible, the new illustrator must have no dignity to ruin this.
"I Can Read" book has better illustrations: While the stories in the "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" book remain the same, the Stephen Gammell illustrations that haunted my imagination have been scrapped for more candy-coated pictures.How candy-coated? Upon searching for the other tales of horror by Alvin Schwartz, "In A Dark, Dark Room", which was written for Level 2 of the "I Can Read!" children's collection, I found those water-colored images to be scarier than the cartoonish images in the re-release of "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark."
The description said Stephen Gammell as artist and it was not...: I was very disappointed to discover that the copies, (I ordered the "scary" trilogy)while described as being illustrated by Stephen Gammell, were actually the updated versions with watered-down artwork by another artist. I am not keeping this books as they are worthless to me without the better artwork. This is the first time I've been disappointed with an order from Amazon, but it's a big one. You need to change your description to include the correct illustrator.
Disappointed: This video was let down. The historical blurb at the beginning is a time waster, and a pain to fast forward thru every time I want to practice dancing. I agree with other reviewers regarding the time devoted to "freestyle" and "improvisation". I am too new at this to recognize the moves when they are put together so quickly- and without any commentary. I find myself struggling during this part, or worse - just standing there feeling frustrated and foolish. Some instruction regarding transitions from one move to another would have been appreciated. On the positive side, the actual breakdown of moves was very helpful, especially the belly roll and undulations. I was really struggling with those, and I'm now confidently on my way. I wish they had covered more moves in that manner. Bottom line- it's been a week, and I'm already seeking out another video to buy.
Tongue hurt my ankle: The shoe seemed nice. I purchased the 2E version since I read in another review that they can be tight. Unfortunately, the top of the tongue bit into my ankle when I tied the shoe. Didn't matter which sock I wore. I had to return.
Buy the 1993 version instead.: I bought this book thinking it would be an updated and improved version of the 1993 bookArmed and Female: Twelve Million American Women Own Guns, Should You?by the same author. That book was excellent, and I wanted to have the latest version.Unfortunately, what I received was a much more expensive "pamphlet" (only 160 pages for over ten dollars) that abounds with typographical errors, to the point that the errors change the meaning of the sentence in several places. As if that weren't enough, much of the content appears to have been cribbed from various blogs and Web pages that can be read for free after a simple Google search.To sum up: The 1993 version of Armed and Female is a well-written and interesting resource, albeit slightly dated in technical recommendations on ammunition, calibers, and of course the makes and models of available handguns.THIS book is unfortunately only an overpriced, badly printed rehash of information available elsewhere.
Protection Advice: All of Paxton Quigleys self protection books are written for women but are in general excellent advice for both sexes. Men are usually stronger & larger than most women so a well trained female in the use of a firearm and the knowledge of when to use it in todays society is almost a necessity. I purchased these books as gifts for the women I care about, as a guide which points them in the correct direction.
know the source of your information: While there is some very good information in the book, I ask you to consider the source. Ms. Quigley has testified on behalf of a woman shooting a gun down a hillside toward a strip mall at some dogs that were barking but not approaching her, that she was acting reasonably. The jury disagreed and convicted the defendant she was testifying for of grossly negligent discharge of a firearm. Her approach is a bit aggressive.
Great movie and terrific views of the Dingle peninsula.: We visited the Dingle peninsula of Ireland this fall and had to see this movie that was filmed there. Turns out that, in addition to having great scenes of the Dingle countryside, it also has a very good story line. And, terrific acting and some Irish history thrown in for good measure.
Viewed it yesterday: This movie would make a great opera adaptation. Dare I say Sara Miles carries the movie more than the David Lean imprint and the obnoxiously heavy-handed score?
Ryan's Revenge: A surprisingly bad film, painfully slow paced and convoluted. It really is one hell of a mess. The exploitation of a pitiful malformed character (played by John Mills) is so over the top, insensitive, and with a tasteless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have been enough to save this film with some tough and aggressive editing, and just a little devotion to good taste. But instead we are forced to endure some kind of a personal or career psychosis by a great director, David Lean.
Excellant movie and seller: I saw this movie when it first came out, it was hauntingly beautiful. I am so happy to get it on DVD. Some may find it a little slow in areas, but I loved it. If you appreciate the work of David Lean, and the acting of Sarah Miles and Robert Mitchum, then you will love this. It ranks right up there for me with Dr. Zhivago, which I also had the pleasure of seeing when it first came out on the big screen. A wonderful epic movie. The seller was extremely prompt and made the purchase feel as though I was buying from a friend. Way to do business!!
it sounds great!~!~!~!~!: it sounds great im just wondering y it did not already have 5 stars! di u think it would be great 4 my 12 year old?
It's a very reliable printer...: I love my PhotoSmart 1215 but was a little discouraged when the driver for XP was not available. The neat thing about this printer is, if you mainly use it to print photos from a memory card, you don't have to be connected to your PC. Just know which numbers you want to print, enter and off it goes. The quality of my prints has been great. Right now it's connected to my iMac and is doing splendidly. It's quite dependable and not expensive. I'd recommend it highly.*****
Grindhouse?: I guess I'm not totally up on the meaning of grindhouse. One would assume by the title and the tags that these would be sex filled movies with a little plot thrown in for good measure. They were full of slow moving plot and sex scenes that would make a censor in the 1950s proud.
Am I missing something?: Sorry about the 1-star rating -- it is not for the book's content (I can't read it), but for the horrible way it displays on my iPad.The cover page is nice and big, fills the screen, and looks great. Ever subsequent page however is about half size, meaning that two pages fit across the iPad screen, and the font is too small to be readable.Furthermore, the iPad version only allows landscape viewing, and the stupid Kindle app remains in this orientation after returning to my books list, and moving on to another book.Am I missing something here?
Is honesty always rewarded ?: Puss in Boots is a wonderful story. This book is so beautiful that is like a precious work of art. A great read aloud with exceptional illustrations. Children and adults adore it. Presenting this tale to children takes great thought though. Try to avoid the dishonesty, terrorism, and thievery and focus on resourcefulness, first impressions, and survival. Fred Marcellino is one of the top illustrators of our time. Wish he had a website!
LOVE THIS BOOK: I read this entire book from front to back in 1 day. IT WAS GREAT. Full of useful information and makes you feel that you can do this wether your the initiator or not
Awesome if not overplayed: The first 5 songs are incredible, and the rest are OK. I live in France and Chumbawamba never got really big there so I haven't heard tubthumping a zillion times, which makes it still interesting to listen to.
A Great CD for all people: I got this CD about a year and a half ago and I still listen to it. It is a very good CD with about 5 good dance tracks. Plus, the trumpet playing is great! I also liked on how smoothly the music and the vocals came together. This is truly a masterpiece
Beyond the mega-hit, preview of better things to come: Besides the much maligned mega-hit "Tubthumping" which I didn't like when it was first released but like now, this is a solid CD with great arrangements, lyrics, and performances. It's not perfect but how many CD's are perfect these days? I have recently discovered "Ready Mades and Then Some" - clearly a 5-star effort and a symposium on how to arrange a song. Masterfully done. I won't write a song-by-song critique here because several other reviewers have done a more than adequate job of that. However, I do put forward a challenge to "rtbarry" in AZ to move beyond his very own drivel masquerading as a "review", if he is capable, to explain in detail what in his opinion is lacking in this CD that rates it only one star? Or, does he believe we are supposed to obey his fiat review as if he were Kim Jong-il of North Korea? Otherwise, "rtbarry" don't waste our time with drivel.
It's Great!: This is really a great CD. Chumbawamba has many political and social thoughts. you just have to understand them.
The One Star: The one star is for the only ONE good song on this cd. Tubthumping...Actually, this song blows after you hear it more than 5 times. This cd has only been in my cd player once...That is the day i bought it. If you like wasting money, buy this cd.
I won't buy one again: I have had mine for about two years. I love the color it gives but it has also given me a lot of problems. Something has gone wrong with the memory inside making it impossible to print in "best" quality. An error message will pop up on my screen and then it will start printing out garbled junk. I've down loaded the latest driver--more than once--but with no success. It has been a waste of money to me--especially when ink cartridges are so high for it!!
Non Computer Geek: STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRINTER, I have had a Hp 1100 and had moderate success with it, after a few months the multiple paper pickup and jam problem kept occuring with no satisfactory fix, I just got this printer and it is even worse, it does not print correctly and multiple jams even after two hours out of the box, the copy was consistantly misaligned. I am sending it back.
Curved Thomas the Train tracks: Again, a good product, but over priced. I would try to find some gently used ones.
O-o-okay: Did I read a different book from everyone else? I thought this was horrible! I mean how demeaning to women to imply and then prove that a man would best a woman in strength every time. Even a woman with fighting skills. Then, this whiny main character that, regardless of all the obvious hands on facts that prove Sabin is an honest, honorable man, she still calls foul and continues to abuse him in the worst way. Yet, he continues to chase her, help her and love her regardless. When everything is added up, Moriah doesn't deserve a man like Sabin. Lastly, to top it all off, after she's unloaded abuse after abuse on him, he simply tells her he's a good guy and she's like, oh, well, in that case I believe you and I love you. How utterly stupid! His actions obviously mean nothing, but she'll listen to what he says--wham--bam!Terrible, just terrible!
Heads above the first book in the trilogy: I was so disappointed in the first book, Foundation, I gave it two stars. I've been wanting to read the trilogy for years and I couldn't believe that that mediocre pulp was it! But Foundation and Empire is the saving grace. I look forward to the next book.
Good book: I liked this book. I don't really have anything profound to say, I'm only writing a review because for some reason Amazon is not giving me the option of rating the book without a review.Asimov seems to have an interesting twist on European history in this book, as the events that occur in it seem to parallel the fall of the Roman Empire, the successor Germanic kingdoms, and the rise of the merchant class in the Renaissance. Understanding the history of Western Civilization probably has given me a fun comparison to Asimov's fictional Galactic history.
Fantastic Sci Fi Classic: The foundation novels are superb! I went on to read the entire original trilogy, the first foundation book being my favorite. The story jumps ahead by leaps and bounds between sections, which can be confusing at first but ends up making for a fantastic treat. Can't recommend this series highly enough for any SciFi fan.
Phenomenal: I cannot recommend Foundation, and its entire series, highly enough. When it comes to worldbuilding, and examining the possibilities of earth's future, Asimov does it best. His entire basis is that intelligence, learning, and confrontation of the unknown will be our salvation, instead of ignorance or seeing who carries the biggest gun. A welcome change.
Good politics, but no science: The book starts with an enticing psychohistory idea, but then it dives deep into politics. It is quite interesting to read the ingenious solutions for the crises taken by the great leaders of the Foundation, specially for resigning war whenever it seemed the most sensible way out.The problem is that this book is supposed to be science fiction, yet the story seemed to have happened back in the mercantilism period in the XVII century, with its priests, kings, viceroys and merchant ships trading raw materials for manufactured goods. The gadgets used by the traders to fool the other empires are a bit silly as well, for a far future based science fiction.
Asimow is one of the best writers of all times: Foundation, and all the other books that complete the extense colection are wonderful. I remember when i read this book 8 years ago, and as you see i still love it. If you don't want to read all the books of the series, you don't have to do it, the saga of foundation it's only three books (foundation, foundation and Empire, and Second Foundation), but if you want to read a good, good, GOOD,GOOOOOOOOOOD series of books, read them all, you won't regret it. I really loved all this books.
Classic: Isaac Asimov is an exception author in any genre, he just happens to write in science fiction. His Foundation novels are at the apex of classic science fiction. If you are going to read only one book in this genre then this is the one to choose. The universe he creates is so vivid that the book is difficult to put down. In case you couldn't tell.....I am a fan!
Don't Bother: Prelude to Foundation is excellent. However, you should stop there. Foundation is bad. This book is totally predictable. Read DUNE if you want something intelligent and entertaining. Read FOUNDATION if you want something that you probably won't even finish.
tough going: I got pretty bogged down with the multiple characters and places and time periods. Not a good book to pick up occasionally, takes a focussed reading. And that's just one of the series!
Dissatified: I was dissatisfied with this novel. Being an avid fan of Asimov and the Foundation series,the younger version of the mathimatical genius did not match with older one who changed the history of his race for the better; nor did I think that the story with female very appealing, again it did not match. The story seemed tacked on to the series just to write another novel. It is unfortunate that the writer who invented the positronic brain,the three law of robotics, and of course the genuis of the foundation series wrote such a tacked on story.
Goes "Haywire" Regularly: Setup was easy enough, but this printer routinely goes haywire, spitting out a whole cartridge load of paper and refusing to print. I have tried it with several different PCs, with this same intermittent weird behavior. Only a reset of both the printerand the computer seem to fix everything.I'm off to buy an Epson!
Old fashioned, sweet story.: Not much of a challenge to read. Enjoyed it just the same. It was a change from the modern world and therefore, I recommend it.
Stay Away: This just plain bad. Boring..... I did not find this the least bit entertaining nor interesting. It was a waste of my time.
worst.........movie............ever: Go break open a red light camera and steal the film. Watch that. It will have 10,000 times better acting and a much more coherent plot too!
Blu-Ray Review: What a terrible movie, garbage. It totally sucks. What is Hollywood coming to. It seems they are running out of stories to make movies about. What garbage. Good Lord. Right up there with Boondock Saints 2 and Smokin Aces 2.
LAST Nicolas Cage film for me!: There is not ONE redeemable quality about this film. Period. Nicolas Cage is at the bottom of the barrel. He now has absolutely NO range. The acting in this was worse than a low budget B movie. I think he seriously was on something! So here we are New Orleans Post Katrina. Nic is supposed to be a tough guy and gets into all kinds of trouble. I couldn't figure out who was coming or going. I was baffled the entire movie! The lines were HORRIBLE! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!
What did I watch?: So he's a dirty cop and an all around horrible person. Spoiler... Everything worked out in the end? What the heck was the point of that movie? Seriously... everything worked out in the end?I don't know why I continued to watch.
Great Writing: I think the above review needs a corrective. Tynan was the sharpest, funniest, and best-informed theatre critic of his generation. He was also a wonderful stylist, and a precocious one: many writers never write as well as Tynan did while still in his teens. These letters can be enjoyed simply for their manipulation of language, but there's more to them than that. Tynan always liked to think of himself as an outsider, as someone pushing the envelope; yet he also was entranced by the establishment at play, and he enjoyed lowbrow entertainment almost as much as Shakespeare and Sophocles. These letters demonstrate this bifurcation of character, making for a sort of un-selfconscious autobiography. Well worth buying for anyone who likes reading letters, and a must for Tynan fans. when can we have some more of his work reisssued?
If you can't make it to Mongolia this season....: Mykel Board -- punk rocker, New Yorker, gonzo provocateur -- fulfills a lifetime dream by moving to Mongolia for one year to teach English...and I'm so glad he did. His easy-to-read writing style is brutally honest and hysterically funny, from his problems overcoming constipation (because Metamucil is not sold in Outer Mongolia, Board resorts to consuming rancid street food to encourage diarrhea), to his visits to Mongolian dance clubs, to the confusing hurdles presented in this post-Soviet limbo land ("Welcome to Mongolia!" is the standard response from natives when cultural idiosyncracies are brought to attention). Unlike most travel memoirs, there are no overwrought or pretentious analyses of a foreign culture -- even though there were times that I, a fellow traveler, longed for Mykel to take a deeper look at this rarely examined country -- making this book a fun, unrestrained ride through a remote, Kafka-esque kingdom. Buy this book.
Banal and Boring: No, I'm not making this up. Somebody actually produced this recording. Actually, two people produced it. Nearly two string quartets were assembled to play on it. (I say "nearly," because most of the tracks were played by a trio, who apparently used overdubbing to inflate themselves into a quartet.) I'm not sure that any string quartet could have made this music seem appropriate or entertaining: these folks certainly were not up to the task. The end result is so banal and boring that it does not even work as a novelty record that might be fun to play at parties. Unbelievable...
GREAT ITEM: I find this item to be more than expectedand I think everyone should consider buying oneI will tell everyone about it
Amazing Score.: Wow, words can barely express the awesomeness of this piece. First I will start with the movie, brilliant! That is all there is to be said about the film. Now the OST, beautiful work. A very dark and somber piece, very moody and atmospheric. Its not something you just listen to for fun, at least for me. Its more of a background music, while doing your business. Its just brilliant. Every track in amazing from beginning to end. I was unfamiliar with Johnny Klimek and Reinhold Heild's work. This cd however makes me want to definatly look into it. It is the perfect sound to go along with the dark nature of the film. Some tracks are very tranquil and moody, while others pound out beats and are very fast paced. All in all a 5/5 for the cd, a definate must have for any collection! Highly recommneded!
Do not buy this camera: Its a very nice camera don't get me wrong. However due to its compact design, the speaker is too close to the tape motor. During quiet and not so quiet areas, you will hear a high pitched humm coming from your camera as well as on what you record. Canon confirmed this as a design flaw. The ZR45, 40 and 50 all do this. I was really disappointed, I returned mine.. I wish there was a way to fix it.
Brio Medium straight track: BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market. These pieces are a must for extending your existing train set. My 5 year old loves having these extra pieces to create with.
It's too simple even for a KISS book: I know the whole point of "dummie" and "KISS" books is that they are supposed to be easy for anyone to understand but this book was too simple--too basic. I read a chapter and could hardly bear to invest anymore time in it since the information was so sparse. If I hadn't gotten this book for a steal I would have been very upset at my waste of money. There was just no real information. What a waste.
Quality from Tripp Lite as always: I always goes with the Trip Lite fiber patch cables, due to their quality, and not being so proud of their name they triple the price.
awful: Big waste of money! After washing noticed 1 pillow case was a different shade and so wrinkled no matter what I've tried. Stuck with it since I washed and can't find packaging.
Good grill for the money.: I've been very happy with this easy to use and clean grill. I've used it to grill steaks, duck breasts, veggies, and chicken. Takes longer than a gas grill, but gets to job done without smoking up the kitchen.
Excessive Typos Ruined it for Me: Couldn't agree more w/ Prendergast's review concerning the laughable typos. I thought the proof reader or editor of the version I had must be abusing drugs themselves! How distracting to read a so called "classic" and find it reading like a HS sophomore paper - and a drunk sophomore at that! I somehow managed to finish the book, but came on Amazon immediately following it to see if others read the same erroneous version. Weird. Typos, poor punctuation, etc. ruined it for me.
entertaining action movie SPOILERS: the main reason why i waited up until 2 in the morning cause i am a fan of chris lambert i saw it id say it was excellent of the action and the acting done by chris lambert and ice t.Great action AND I WAS DISSAPIONTED when christopher lambert was told by marcus that he killed his daughter when he didnt and so they killed each other and that ugly old woman who can t even act probably old enough to look like shes 50 mabye she is.So it was very entaining worth a watch.
one more positive note: Don't know if anyone else has addresed this. I have been building my barn shop for 7 years now. The book covers many of my thoughts and concerns. Would have wanted this sooner than later. Points raised for consideration. Noise and sound. I put in some wood walls, painted white and sealed against moisture, but I fussed with that or drywall. I considered my own sound issues and went with wood. But after reading some of the author's comments I will be spending extra time for fire protection and sound absorption when I do other parts of the shop. Not for me alone, but for my nieghbors as well. Good book to read before, during or contemplating a shop. Hey, we get to find out about how the masters of wood roughed it as well.
Criminally stupid mistake to not provide the orginal sound: Don't buy this Video. With DVD technology it would have been a no-brainer to provide both sound tracks, the original Aussie version and the rotten American dubbed version. These dopes chose to give us the one that nobody wants. Perhaps if nobody buys it they'll get a clue.
This is the movie that introduced me to the awesomeness of action movies of the 1980's: This is probably Mel Gibson's first film. A film he's done while he was in his 20's. There is no doubt that he would become a great star in his native Australia, but this film launched him as an international movie star. Especially since they released Mad Max 2 which was universally released as "The Road Warrior." And "The Road Warrior" is one of my Top Ten favorite films of the 1980's.Sure, Mad Max has some of that cheesy seventies style, but it definitely introduced us to a new kind of nameless hero which became the common theme of all upcoming action films even being made today."Mad Max" is that one film, being over 30 years old, that can still be loved and cherished by people even less than 20 years old today. This film is a classic in the "action hero" dramas for movie lovers who enjoy building a respectable movie library amongst their own home theatre.
Great DVD packed with a ton of features!: I've seen Mad Max dozens of times, but after watching the new SE DVD it was like watching it again for the very first time! That is not an exaggeration. The new DVD offers the choice of the poorly dubbed US soundtrack or the original Australian soundtrack. Watch the original track! The pacing of the film changes entirely, as do the characters. The original soundtrack breathes new life into this film.The features are great, there's a trivia track that pops up info about the production, cars, and Aussie slang terms used as you watch it, 2 documentaries, TV spots, theater trailer, and more.The print is fabulous, and it turns out this is a film you really need to see in widescreen. Having seen it both ways now I can tell you that the pan & scanned version misses a lot of the stuntwork and chase scene action. If you've seen this movie in the past and thought, 'It was OK' this new DVD will have you saying, 'It was great!'
AWFUL: This was the absolute WORST book that I have ever read. It the dullest, most boring thing since I learned algebra. After the first chapter, I already wanted to kill myself. But I gave it another chance. And another, and another, and another. I was continually dissapointecd. DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS ABORATION OF A BOOK!
Oh, my God! It's Stereolab!!!: Ever since I got this album since last summer, I kept on thinking what this album will sound like. I never wanted to stop listening to this album, because their music is so spectacular. If you heard the first track, Laetitia kinda does the loud humming and someone keeps on playing the synthesizer. It reminds me of the Beatles' eerie song "Revolution 9" from the "White Album." I could've just imagined while listening to "Baby Lulu" and it makes your mind clear with soothing and beautiful sounds. This is the best album I've ever heard, and I listen to this album while I study and you should listen to this while you're at work or home. Stereolab totally gets your stresses away by listening to them. Bye-Bye! :-)
Perfect Family Fun!!!: This is a very funny movie that stars Martin Short as Murray, a bumbling fairy god-mother who can hardly do anything right. His first job is helping Anabel Greening, played by Mara Wilson. Anabel's wish is that her dad is auditioning for a part in a broadway musical, and she wants him to get the part. Unfortunately, Murray accidentally turns her dad into a statue. When Anabel, her brother Charlie, and Murray go to NAFGAa and tell the Queen of the Fairy Godmothers what happened, she tells Anabel that if they don't reverse the spell by midnight, he will remain a statue forever. Before they can do that, they have to get the wands back from the evil Claudia. I highly recommend A SIMPLE WISH!!!
Great kids movie: The Kids loved this movie Martin Short is hillarious. The fact that it still teaches kids you dont always get what you ask for.
Funny: This movie has the little girl from Matilda and Martin Short. Good family picture , we loved it. Came in excellent condition!
Excellent Album: I have known Kenneth copland since 1973. He has always set very high standards for the recording & prpduction of all his albums. This album is no exception.
Well Played Kid's Music: Trout Fishing In America make kids music, they do it well, and the album probably will stand up to the death play the kids will give it, even with adults, although I highly doubt many adults will listen to it for it's own merits. If you need a CD for your kids to listen to that won't drive you crazy, you have found it, but otherwise this is probably not a CD you want to own.
Highway Robbery: It always amazes me how some outside vendors try to gouge consumers with their highly over-priced items on here. You can bet I'll never buy anything from this vendor, even if it is a great deal.This is a ridiculously high price for Red Bull. On sale in the stores one can find it for $1.50/can. Why would someone pay more than that online? Caveat emptor --- let the buyer beware!
well....: i also really loved the book. it showed two strong willed people who are, at first glance, totally wrong for each other! i mean, a centuries old vampire, and a vampire slayer? it was ironic! i also liked that even though Quin was a cold fish on the outside, inside he was just as lonely as Rashel, even if he rarely admitted it. i loved the book and couldn't put it down! if u haven't read it yet, do so!
Where are the woodwinds?: The performances seem fine. The recording is a mess. The woodwinds are LOST in the intro to Festive Overture because there is too much reverberation. The mics must have been placed in the back of an empty hall (more like a cavern). This is a real disappointment because the orchestra is outstanding. This is a one listen CD... then file it away forever.
Vivid colors; tight fit only lasts a few times: This puzzle has lovely graphics and a sturdy construction. As others have mentioned, the pieces are tight and difficult to maneuver right out of the box, because they are all wood and cut from one piece. After about three uses, however, they are now smooth and fit together well. I have not had a problem with splinters, but if you are too rough when you first break apart the pieces, I could see how splinters might develop.My 21-month old daughter loves this puzzle, and had no trouble putting it together without a visual "guide." The colors of each area are very distinguishable, so it's pretty easy to determine where each piece connects. We are happy customers!
These Shoes are made for walking.: In the Merrill way these are great shoes. As my daughter says, "Merrills are a hug for the feet." Even though there are minimal straps they are in the right places and adjustable. These go everywhere! I love them.
Persuasive book with an unusual approach: The book details many or most of the important dynamics of the war as it took place within a single provice. In the process Bergerud reveals much about what is important to know about the war as a whole.For me personally this is possibly the most important Vietnam book I've read. This is because it provided me a framework for understanding the war, from the beginning of American involvement to the end, that I still use.For many readers, this could be an important first book to read about Vietnam and America's relations to it.
Another Sensual Gem from this Composer: This is yet another lush, shimmering pscyo-erotic opera by Franz Schreker, wonderfully performed by the forces involved -- I suggest you just read the review of 02/12/04 to get a good summary of the surreal plot. At least one other reviewer has termed it not as a good as the composer's masterpiece, Die Gezeichneten, and while I wouldn't disagree with that judgement, this music drama comes pretty close to matching its sibling, particularly in the second half. Other than Mozart, Bizet's Carmen and a small handful of others, I'm not a great opera fan but Schreker's output in this genre to be absolutely stunning. Highly recommended.
Kingston Technology KVR133X64C3/ 256 PC133 256MB 32MX64: Works great. Just snap it into the slot and turn on my pc. In a few seconds I was up and running and my pc working much faster that before
You'll enjoy this CD: I got a huge kick out of Vinny's interpretations of the Beatles' songs that they never recorded. Sure. they ver due elements from the later years that they should have skipped, as has been written here. But the don't mimic previous covers, but try to recreate the early Beatle sound. It's light and it's fun. It's is not a must have as a Beatles fan, but I think you'll get a big kick out of this disc.
Madonna is a great singer: Madonna is a great singer who sings an even better musical. She is so full of emotion that on her last wispers of "Lament" it actually sounds like she is about to enter immortality. While in the song "Beuonos Aires" she sounds like a ambitious young girl yelling for attention. She is a great actor. If I could change one thing it would be to switch Jimmy Nail and Jonathin Pryce because Nail should sing more songs and Price should sing less.
EVITA! EVITA! EVITA! EVITA! EVITA! EVITA!: All I can say is wow! I never thought Madonna could sing like this. Now I am a huge fan of hers. Antonio Banderas's accent makes him fit the part of Che very nicely. The songs are incomparable. If I could change one thing it would be Jonathan Pryce because he has an annoying voice.
Disappointed in product quality and support: After returning the first version of this product because of constant paper jams, the replacement would not recognize the printer drivers from the first or allow me to replace them. In trying to overcome this through HP's support line, the recorded message said I would be directed to a representative and then promptly cut off the call (twice). Returned that version also.
A text book worth keeping for reference: This is a text book that I will not be selling back! I like the reference style set-up, with tabbed pages. I am sure I will be referring to it throughout the rest of my college courses.
A small leak, right out of the box: I had to try sleeping on it the first night - in a couple of hours it was less firm, which made it difficult to roll around on. It didn't take long to realize that buying this bed was a mistake.Returning it will be very difficult because it is almost impossible to fit it back in its original carton (because one cannot evacuate all of the residual air necessary to make it fold up small enough). Prospective buyers should be mindful of this.
Did not last long: We used this for less than 21 days for a guest. It does everything as advertised except that it began to leak air; by the time you wake up in the morning, it has shrunk to less than half it's inflated height. There is a patch kit included but we could not find where the air was coming out. We had to return it to Amazon. We bought a single folding bed instead with a memory foam mattress, not compact but less risky than an airbed.
It's a great value!: I purchased a twin size Intex pillow airbed and was so impressed with the quality that I ordered a second. It was easy to inflate, held it's firmness, was VERY easy to take down and easily stored. Now when my granddaughters come to visit, they have their own bed and great pajama parties.
Great bed for guests: I highly recommend this item, and it's a great price with Amazon Prime.My son uses this whenever he sleeps over. He loves it, says that it's like sleeping on a cloud. With the electric pump, which is attached, it inflates and deflates super fast. It also folds up into a rather small rectangle, and it comes with a canvas bag for store.
comfortable sleep: I found this air bed to be perfect for 1 person. The ease in filling, the height, all exceptional!I would reccomend this bed to anyone.
Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump: This product is very difficult for me to use. The air pump does not connect easily and I would not recommend it.
Great Bed for Guests: Bought this for my Grandson to sleep on when the family came to visit over Christmas. It is wonderful. . . super easy to inflate (and deflate) nicely raised off the floor and he said it was very comfortable. Grandma scored a home run on this one!
Intex pillow rest twin airbed with built in electric pump: Excellent value for the money. Convenient and comfortable, I just wish it was a little higher. I would recommend this product.
Do Not Buy: Inflates like a charm, then deflates under the weight of a child within 3-6 hours, I should have gone with my gut and purchased another Aerobed because the one I already have (queen) has worked for > 7 years.
It would be great if it stayed inflated!: I have purchased two of these air mattresses. When inflated, they are great. But, during the night, they slowing deflate. I have yet to discover how to keep these mattresses inflated for eight full hours. I wish I would have bought a different air mattress.
Valve broke after a couple of uses: My mother bought this bed for my 5 year old to use when we visited on weekends. Worked great the first 4 or so times she used it. But now the valve that lets the air out won't close. It spins, but does not seal shut so you can't inflate the mattress. Very poor quality.
Ecelente producto: Funciono sin ningun inconveniente de acuerdo a lo informado en las caracteristicas.Recomiedo el mismo a todo el que necesite un colchon inflabe comodo y de rapido armado.Muy bueno el sistema de bomba de aire incorporado al mismo elemento, no esnecesario nada mas para utilizarlo.
WOULD NEVER BUY AGAIN: THIS IS THE THIRD MATTRESS IN 5 OR 6 WEEKS AND HAD THE SAME PROBLEM WITH ALL THREE. THEY ALL LEAKED RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING, SOME WORSE THEN THE OTHERS. THE BUILT IN PUMP WORKED GREAT AND I LIKED IT VERY MUCH. THUS THE 2 STARS INSTEAD OF ONE STAR. I AM VERY THANKFUL FOR AMAZON'S GREAT RETURN POLICY. IT WAS REALLY A PLEASURE TO DEAL WITH THEM.
Intex pillow rest twin mattress is a flop: We bought these beds in September for our grandchildren to sleep on when they visit. They are 6 and 7 and weigh under 50 pounds. These beds can not make it through one single night inflated. We either have to get up during the night and re-inflate them or the kids will wake us up because the mattresses have lost so much air they are uncomfortable.We've had to repair both beds because they develop pin holes from being folded when we put them away and you can hear air escaping around the area where the beds inflate themselves.I'm very disappointed in this product and will not buy another air mattress from this company since it's clear their quality has gone down hill drastically since we bought their double bed seven years ago.My opinion is "save your money and find another solution for guests to sleep on", that's what we're doing now.
Comfortable: I bought this air mattress after researching the site. It is indeed very comfortable and easy to operate and most important of all, NO LEAKING!!!
Disappointed but shouldn't be surprised: I saw several people had written about air leaks but at that point the majority appeared to be happy with their purchase. We ordered two twins for our camp. Mine started leaking immediately. My husbands seemed to be good from Spring to nearly Winter when his too began to leak, so bad that both of us were pumping air several times during the night to keep a little bit afloat. That was bad enough but having several friends and family in our bunk house part of the camp awake while doing this pushed it over the edge. My father in law bought the same time my husbands started going down hill so it should be interesting to see if it happens again. Our camp closes down during Winter so Spring will be the big test. I suspect we will go with something a little more expensive and not regret wasting the money we did on these. Then again my hubby is very good at fixing things so maybe there's hope.
Works well: The air mattress does blow up in seconds. It is comfortable. It is a little difficult to wrap up and the plug is a little difficult to put back but all and all it was well worth the money. My daughter is using it until she can get her new baby to sleep through the night.
Great for the summer: My daughter is living with a couple for the summer. This was an alternative to transporting a regular twin bed 80 miles to their house. She has been very pleased with the quality and ease of use. That is a big deal with her as she has two steel rods in her back. As a college student and missions student, I'm sure it will be used again.
Quick and Easy: This bed is so easy to use. Just plug it in, turn it on, and walk away. The pump is built in, so you don't have to worry about keeping up with an air pump, using a hairdryer, or finding double D batteries to power your pump.
Love it: We recently moved into a smaller place. When my parents came into town, they took my oldest sons room. We needed something for him to sleep on but didn't have much room. This twin airbed by Intex is great! I love the fact that the pump is built in. It doesn't get in the way like I thought it might. My son says it's very comfortable. It's easy to inflate and deflate.
Great Find at a Great Price: I needed to replace my airbed but didn't want to spend a fortune. This one works great and it was very economical in comparison to the ones I found in my local bed and bath store.
Its better then a "normal" bed: I just moved out of my moms house and I did'nt want to bring my huge bed/dressar with me so I got the airbed. Its been 2 months since I moved out and I'm still sleeping on it. You can have it fully inflated for a very firm bed or deflate it for a softer bed. I like mine halfway deflated, its like sleeping on a cloud.
Electric pump failed: Took it to France and electric pump only worked for a minute and blew. Bought a hand pump to pump it up. It was a painful job. After it was fully pumped the bed was rather comfortable. Decided not to bring home to return because once it was pumped there was no way to deflate to the extend that it would fit back into the original box.
Excellent product for the price: Durable and EXTREMELY comfortable. Loses a little air over extended use, but adding air very easy.
great mattress: I am in Iraq and this mattress is great. It is 100x more comfortable then the things they call mattresses over here.
Would not recommend: I bought this for my off campus residence, and the two months it worked fine...and then the problems began. First, two the curves on the top (not sure what exactly they are called) merged into one so I had to sleep on one half of the bed. Recently, I noticed it was starting to sink and re-inflated it. Shortly afterward I heard some air and found where it was leaking and didn't think too much off it. Then in the middle of sleeping I woke up on the floor and then just gave up on it, and now am having to resort to sleeping on the floor. Tried calling their customer support line and it was backed up, then I found out that the main support line is for their pools. I would recommend a different brand like Coleman, or getting something from Cabela's.
Is loosing air with ALMOST NO USE!!: I bought this airbed on October 2009, I only used it 3 times and now is loosing air!! How can it loose air like that with only 3 uses?? At the beginning it seams good because is comfortable and tall, but now I can't use it anymore unless I want fill it with air at the middle of the night.
The Best Air Mattress EVER!!!: I love this air mattress so much. It is so easy to inflate and deflate and it is quick too. It is very sturdy and durable as well. Over all it is an excellent gift to anyone who expects to travel and stay over at someone's place or even if you have a lot of guests yourself
Fantastic: Bought the Intex pillow rest for visits/visitors. Inflation is quick, quiet and easy. Deflation works the same. Slight loss of air by early morning. Fits back into tote nicely, take an extra moment when flattened to tuck the sides between the upper and lower fabric, fold in thirds length wise, then role from bottom toward pump/pillow end. Easy to tote and store.
Better than the Queen size bed: I bought this to replace my queen size Intex bed that exploded inside (only lasted 6-8months...). I like the twin size way better because it feels more reliable with full air than the queen size. I think the queen size was just too big that too much weigh in one area caused the explosion inside. The twin size is just perfect and it makes my room look even bigger. If you're looking for a bed for just yourself, this should be perfect!
Step's Best Work So Far!: I have been a fan of Step Rideau and the Zydeco Outlaws since I purchased their CD "Standing Room Only." "I'm So Glad" has quickly become my favorite. Some tunes are folksy with a zydeco flare and others are very zydeco. This is a "must buy" for zydeco lovers. If the Grammys had a catagory for zydeco, Step would win for performer of the year.
200 bucks?: I paid 95 at comp usa (known for being overpriced) over a year ago.anyways, The case doesn't get the best air so I'd recommend getting more fans.If you have problems with the front USB hubs (pc freezes when you plug something in them), unplug the very BOTTOM black wire.[r|r][w|w][g|g][b|b][b|[]
DVD review: Very good comprehensive review on The Band. Gives good insight into the individual members and why some of their songs were written. A good addition to my collection.
Not worth the money: Not what I thought I was getting. I don't think jell is as enjoyable as the silicone and unfortunately I had to pay to find out.
good: It was good, is not like out of this world and really amazing, but it works soooooo good! If you put a lot of pressure when your using it, it turns off automatically, that sucks!
Too Expensive: I used it once and have not touched it since, the dolfin wont stay on my clit and the clear stuuf is too soft, Waste of MONEY
No way!: This product worked for 4-5 times the the rotation stopped working. Batteries run out or lose power after 3-4 uses. I would read reviews before buying another one... I am looking into the Hitachi wand massager now and I believe I will buy it since is a power operated toy and will never run out of power.Not impressed with this product.
Not worth the money: What a let down. I was so excited to get this because of the reviews, but when I tried it, it did nothing. First, it is very heavy and hard to hold (if you are using it by yourself). Second, it hurts your clitoris. It is very sharp on the ears, that's the part that goes on you clit. I'm almost temped to cut them off. Third and forth, it smells and it is very loud.I've tried it about 4 times, trying to get used to it. My husband has tried to use it on me too. No luck at all. This is not worth the money.
GREAT prodct: For those wondering, like myself, this DOES come in a discrete package. Now, as for the actual product? OMG I've never felt something like this before. This is my first official toy, and I am sooooo pleased! It's a little large, and kinda hard but that's okay. Works wonderfully. I would definitely recommend, especially for the price.
Awful: This was much bigger then I had anticipated, that being my own fault. But the reason I gave it only 1 star is because the plastic was so hard it hurt! The bunny for my clit irritated it and was not one bit pleasurable. So my man suggested I turn it around and then my taint became irritated! Not one bit pleased with this product.
Too big!: While I LOVE the jack rabbit feature, the vibrator is overall too big for me to use. I can sort slip it inside but its tight and not very comfortable. Maybe because its too big, I cannot feel the beads at all, I don't think they have any room to move. The vibrator is also quite heavy. It would be perfect if it were more slender. So girls who are not very big down there might not want to buy this product.
Awful!: I was misguided by the review ratings... in all honesty, this product is awful. It has a toxic smell to it, and the "bunny ears" cause more pain than pleasure. I don't recommend this product.
HATE IT!: I am very hard to please because I like both clitoral stimulation and vaginal penitration! This item does not work for what I intended it for! I tried it twice and hated it both times I was so worked up from trying to make it work that I had to switch back to my bullet! I gave it to my best friend after swabing it down with rubing alcohol! She loves it she says it does the trick but it is deff not for me!
Fantastic (and FAST!): This is definitely better than my last jackrabbit and much higher quality! :) I got the clear one cause like other reviews say, your eye really doesn't jump to it if it is left out and it just looks more mature and less bubble-gum "my first vibrator" hahaha!It's really QUIET for something that moves/does so much and it is more powerful than I expected. I had to keep it on the medium settings for both the rotation and vibration - but even THAT got the job down in 26 seconds (yeah, I timed it). This might take some getting used to for some but I absolutely love it!The only downside of this is that the rabbit ears part needs to be a little more "lifted" off the shaft so you can position it in more ways over you than just the one. People have been complaining of a weird plastic smell and it kind of does have A smell but only if you physically put your nose right on the thing and inhale - and it went away after 2 or 3 washes.I highly recommend buying this!
After 6 years, this album is still awesome.: This album contains danceable techno and mellow techno (trancey/ambient). Unlike most albums, ALL of the songs on this album are great. You'll definitely get your money's worth from this album. And even though it's over 6 years old, the music still sounds brilliant. Like Michael Stipe of R.E.M. said, this album was several years ahead of its time.
I'm glad I didn't pay for it.: I received this as a Christmas gift from a friend who knows I like hot tea. ALL of the tea was some variation on flavors of green tea. I avoid drinking caffein, which green tea contains, so I gave away all of the tea and kept the chest to fill with my own selections. The chest is kind of cheap (paper glued over something, as described by another reviewer). It's pretty, but I don't expect it to hold up.
Great book!: This book gives a great look into the Jewish mindset of the early 1900s. A must read for any young Bible student.
Streisand:Live In Concert (2CD's) - Good: This is a good double CD packed with alot of favorites. I liked slot of her "dialouges" between songs (her words & messages are invaluble & timeless). Il Divo accompanies her on several songs, like "Evergreen" (I would have preferred her to sing that one alone), "The Music of the Night" , & "Somewhere" (not favorable with Il Divo)
Come on... You Have Gotta Be Kidding!: Ok, first of all I was looking for Lighthouse the Classic Pop/Rock Group. There was NOTHING to tell me that this album was a Gospel CD.OK, I can live with that...So I listen to my new Lighthouse (GOSPEL) CD. Let me tell you, I was NOT IMPRESSED! The engineering sucked, The Music was mmmmmmm... ok, I guess, and, the singing really had NO feeling or substance behind it!So if you are into Gospel, steer clean and, if you are looking for Lighthouse (the classic pop/rock group), THIS IS NOT IT!Latter...
misleading photo: There was little information about the product other than the photo which showed the Watchtower toys with 3 action figures. We thought that the 3 action figures were included - they were not. Also, do not be fooled by the "too good to be true" price. They charge so much for shipping it costs the same as you would pay in a store.Otherwise, the package arrived in a timely manner, was in good condition and appeared to be from a legitamate supplier.
Waste of money: If you get to this review, please, please, do not spend your hard earned money on this toy, even at half price it is not worth it. I faced the same problems as everyone else, I'm forced to use my own glue and take time out to re work the toy so that it does what it was supposed to out of the box. A watse of money! Nuff Said!
What a waste!: After an hour of trying to put the tower together we gave up. The legs kept falling off making the tower fall over and the lever did not make the doors open. This was a major disapointment. We returned it the next day in pieces.
Slick Looking - Components are older technology - Keyboard sucks!: Picked one of these up the other day, mostly for the slick design and for the wireless keyboard with trackball type mouse controller. But that's all it has, is looks...After using the keyboard, it quickly became tedious to use, since not only are the keys hard to push down, they are in a tight proximity of each other and not in the usual places, and the wireless is hit and miss, possibly because it runs at only 49MHz frequency. It will miss keys here and there, so you have to type very slooow, and check your work very often, and with passwords where you can't see what you are typing, good luck! It quickly becomes a tire... There is no number pad and the trackball mouse is skippy and lacks a scroll feature...The processor is 2 "generations" older than the current dual core intel processors and the RAM is standard DDR instead of DDR2...Unless HP updates the components and the keyboard, this is a terrible value and a POS.
Confused: I downloaded the sample and could barely get though the first chapter. The authors writing felt very juvenile and kept mixing American with London slang. Honestly, it was the dumbest book I've tried to read in a long time. At least download the sample first.
Great deliver of all products: Fast delivery of all products. We just received the Bunn coffee maker. This is the fourth Bunn coffee maker we have purchased over thirty years. Great product. The book and the hair iron were gifts so we don't know how they were liked.
Romeo and Juliet, the tragic story: Romeo and Juliet is the story of two young children who decided to live their forbidden love, although their parents were terrible enemies. Because of this, their lives ended with their tragic deaths, making their families agree in what for years they were fighting for.I like this story because it shows the bravery young people have, without caring what adults say. They should have thought this better, so their wouldn't have ended in the tragic way they did, both of them committing a tragic suicide. This tragic also affected other lives, such as their parents, which suffered a lot for them.
Oh Romeo: Stupid teenagers. A boy who falls out of love as quickly as he falls in. And poor communication. Shakespeare got teenage romance down pat.
A good introduction to the tragedies.: Romeo and Juliet is a beautiful story, and it is a marvellous play to introduce young people to the beauty of Shakespeare. Who doesn't like to read or hear about star-crossed lovers? Who hasn't already heard the legend? The play is easy to read as the plot moves along rapidly, and it's beautifully written. Romeo and Juliet are so tragic in their love, and the silly feud between their two families is so destructive and senseless. Read it for the story, but enjoy it for the beautiful prose.
RoMeO aNd JuLiEt!!!!: We think that the book was a great influence to our English because it had a very difficult language so we had to look for the words all the time in the dictionary and that way we learn two things, to look up words in the dictionary and new words.We liked the end when all the main characters died. It left me a great message. If it wasn't for the video the school hired at the videoclub we hadn't understand it and the video is a bit boring also but we only liked it because Leonardo Di Caprio acted as Romeo in the video!
Good book -- but not this edition: This is an excellent book. But this edition is extremely poorly produced. There are far too many typos, and little information about the original publication of the book, for example. The layout is ugly. It's great the book is cheap, but I wish I had paid a little more for a nicer version.
How do films like this get made?: If this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen it certainly is in the running. I would point out all the absurdities in the film, but it would be much easier and less time consuming to just list the positives. So here goes: Kevin Sorbo, while delivering a truly pathetic performance -- I swear! He must have been drinking while filming this -- looked to be in fairly good shape. That's it!
What the Heck ???: The uniforms were ridiculous, mixing ribbons and stripes on officer's uniforms..the technical advisor should be fired....I had to rewind the movie several times as it put me to sleep...Kevin Sorbo...puleeze don't get roped into making these bovine feces type movies again...a real stinker !!!!!
Cute, But a Little Cheap...: This is a nice costume, but the material is quite cheap. Also, it makes my bust look strange (because the black part is right in the middle of it). But the bottom part is really cute, I LOVE the polka dots on the inner layer of the skirt.I just don't really like it, myself. I think it could be better.
Disappointed: I'm glad I read the reviews! I agree, if I can't choose my color I don't want to order. There is another box, very similar (doesn't lock) where I can choose my color. That one I will order. Thanks for all YOUR reviews!
no color, no buy: I wanted very much to get a blue one for my grand-daughter, but was afraid I'd end up with black. So......a lost sale for this company. Sorry!
Not classic Yello - but very very good!: Not everyone can like every album. But, for me, One Second is my all-time favorite. I have listed to it regularly since it was first released and have never tired of the complex rhythms and musical variety that it offers. One Second is different from Yello's other albums and, in my opinion, doesn't hold as much appeal for someone looking for pure techno. While the drum machines and sequencers are certainly there (and brilliantly done), the sound is less annalog and has more feel. It is not background music, but rather must be listened to to be enjoyed. The latin influence is wonderful and the music sounds as if it were made for Shirley Bassey's style and voice. In my mind, this album creates its own genre of music which I have yet to find elsewhere. It is different, but it is very very good!
Disappointed!: Thrilled at my daughter's pregnancy, I purchased this book for her because I could remember how much I admired it 25 years ago when I read it. Her feedback? "Mom - it's really good until it gets to homosexuality. It fails miserably there!"I just reread the passage on page 144 of the library edition and now I want to throw it out of the public library's collection! (I won't....I'll keep it for the good parts and try to forgive Brigg's out-dated and misinformed attitude!) But I won't give it 5 stars any more!
A double edged sword: This book is unlike most of the books written on the topic. While Nuel Emmons seems to have started out with an eye on the ball, to release new information on Manson and the case against him, he fell short of his goal by virtue of adding a lot of things which weren't really Manson "in his own words" but were nothing more than fabrication.
MANSON HATES EMMONS.: Watch Charlie on video in an interview and hear for yourself him say,"Emmons took his life, and put that in my book..then he took my life, and wrote a second book with his name on it and said it was his life..so he's milked you for two books.. he's a good crook."The way Charlie himself talks about the book indicates that less than 1 percent is factual.
Lies, Lies, Lies: For all of you who are under the illusion that this book is in Charlie's own words, you're mistaken. At the time of the so called interviews, the author was not allowed any sort of writing utensils, tape recorders, etc. The words you see are those of the authors. Same old media hype to make a buck. The author betrayed Charlie by pretending to be his 'friend'. This is why Charlie declines so many interviews. Everybody distorts everything he has ever said. So my advice is: If you want to read the authors take on Charlie, buy it. If you want the TRUTH, don't buy it.
REALLY CMON NOW LETS GET REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!: DO you really think that this stuff is going to work? especially the trapping? so many people love trapping but when then try it in sparring it doesnt work.the lin lop sau,the bong lop sau,the same hand tan to lop sau-cmon now none of that works against anyone who doesnt leave their hand out there after they throw a punch! this may have been how people fought hundreds if not a thousand years ago but it certainly isnt practical now! if you want to spend lots of your precious time learning an art that most of it you cant use in sparring or in the street then so be it.but like bruce said "man {or for that matter any person man or woman} is MORE IMPORTANT than any art or system" even applies to jkd and wing chun-not the other way around!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I couldn't put it down: Nappily Ever After was a true page turner. I couldn't put it down. Venus was a down to earth character that I could relate too. You wanted to know how the story turned out by the first chapter, I was tempted to read the last chapter right after the first. I look forward to more books By Trisha R. Thomas. I wish it could have went the other way, but the author made it very believable.
sadly predictable: If you don't like to be surprised in the least bit, this novel is for you. If you don't mind the writer's technique or don't see literary language necessary to be entertaining then you too will like this book. I, on the other did not. The plot was predictable,the characters were one-dimensional and the language reminded me some what of McMillan. ( an unpolished McMillan, of course.) The best part of this book was the cover, and that was just not enough to keep me satisfied.
Struggled Through!: I struggled through this book. The storyline was a bore! I was also anxious to read this book as it was highly recommended, but too was I disappointed. If you absolutely have to read this book, borrow it from someone or the library!
Klaatu Hopeless: I purchased the original Klaatu album on vinyl in 1976. I love the album as much now on CD as it did then. However "Hope" is far too theatrical, with virtually no actual songs on it. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
A Must read: This book and author were interviewed on Friday 16 April by Bill Moyers on PBS. Fascinating. The book is insightful and explains so much we in the west truly do NOT understand. All government officials need to read this! Well written. Makes you think.
A unique take on a classic theme: I really enjoyed this book with the exception that the story was slightly disjointed at times. There are sudden jumps in the story and one in particular in which a large chunk of plot seems to suddenly go missing. Aside from these short comings, however, The science & plot work well together. The characters are reasonably complex & the universe captivating.
One Brave Act changes a civilization: this story is gripping in part because the 2 female protagonists honestly feel they are making the best decisions that will affect the whole crew. They are severely opposed to each others approach despite being close friends originally. The act of the captain to pursue the fleeing "object" and thus stranding here crew forever, inspires the entire human race to pursue a future in space and fulfill some aspect of a larger destiny. That this comet takes them to the end of time and space has its own amazing affect on the crew, there is a span of billions of years. This book is about responsibility and living up to it, including taking ownership for a vision and a mistake. great read
GREAT Dali book .... Great Amazon price: Love the book, love dealing with Amazon.com I've been dealing with Amazon for years now, and have never had a problem with them. THANKS ONCE AGAIN AMAZON.
Great space heater!: It swivels, has a remote and a tipover safety feature, and you can mount it on the wall if you desire. It works wonderfully, providing plenty of heat when you need it.
Thorough and interesting look at this most intriguing literary woman.: After watching the Masterpiece Theatre presentation of "Portrait of a Marriage" years ago, I went on a search for more information about the life of Vita Sackville-West. This bio was one of the gems overturned in that quest for treasure. Having only been able to find it in UNCA's library at the time, I was delighted to be able to stumble over it again during a search at Amazon.com. I have now made it a permanent addition to my extensive library of a subject I call "The Three V's." The three V's are: Vita Sackville-West, Violet Trefusis, and Virginia Woolf, three women joined via literary and emotional attachment with Vita Sackville-West acting as the hinge.
Buyer Beware!!: If I'd only read the reviews before purchasing this for my 6 year old I would never have bought it! It is VERY flimsy and top heavy. The elevator gets stuck and it does take awhile to put together. As I was driving all over town looking for the best price I wondered why no store had the batcave out on display. Once we got it together I realized why. We ended up taking off the bottom poles and moving some of the parts around so it would stop falling over. We have lots of batman toys and other mattel products. This is by far the biggest disappointment in 10 years of toy buying. If it wasn't from Santa it would be going back without a doubt. Buy anything else!
This will be an additional toy for next spring's yard sale: Our almost 4 year old couldn't wait to get this toy to add to his super hero collection. It looks great on the box. However, this is by far the worst toy we have purchased for any of our kids in almost 8 years. It is so flimsy and cheaply built. Pieces fall off and it tips a lot. Hopefully it will be re-designed with sturdier materials. If you are considering purchasing it...don't...you'll save your self some money and frustration.
Worst scanner I've owned.: I was looking forward to a new scanner after my HP died after just a year. I purchased this one based on the several good reviews on Amazon and other sites.Now that I have the scanner I am sorely disappointed. The picture quality is horrible. No matter the tweaking I do in the scanner dialog, the picture is faded and grainy.The software itself is the least useful interface I've ever worked with. The "auto" buttons makes the image worse, the image area recognition has never yet gotten it right, and the most useful feature only applies if you are sending the scan to Paperport, something I never want to do.
a childhood favorite: In "The Greengage Summer" five English youths have their vacation trip to the battlefields of France derailed when their mother develops a disabling illness due to an insect bite. While she is in hospital, they stay at a hotel run by two sour proprietors and peopled by an eccentric cast of characters. Each of the youths pursues his or her interests (painting, photography, etc.) while exploring the hotel and the grounds nearby. They befriend the handyman Paul, a young man with a perplexing past, and bond with their temporary guardian, Eliot, whose background, they eventually discover, is even more disturbing. In their summer stay, the children also stumble upon a mystery. As they collide with a foreign adult world, they receive an education, but not quite the one their mother originally intended.
Forget Belkin, look no further than the GUF320: This thing was easy to intall. I have a Dual 1.25 G4 Mac. No driver installations under Panther 10.3.3. If you're pre 10.2.X on a Mac you'll have to visit Iogear's website for USB 2.0 drivers. You shouldn't have any problems using this card with a G5 given the bus supports PCI cards either. Apple should just sell this card in their stores. This is my first Iogear product, and this is the best combo firewire/usb PCI card currently on the market.
Great Book: For those of you who might think that a Clavell novel might be a little too long for you, this book is great, and the shortest of the six books in the Asian Saga. Plus it stands out in its own right as a book that will leave an impression on you. Emotionally, and as a result of reading a good book
Most Interesting Ending: This is an excellent book, and of the Clavell books I have read (all except Gai-Jin), this has the most interesting, if not the best, ending. It seemed to me that Clavell got slightly redundant with the "natural disaster" ending, but he managed to avoid it in this book. I found that the way the story and the character's individual stories were resolved (or rather unresolved) fit perfectly with the insanity that would be occurring in a WWII prison camp. Oh yeah, the rest of the book is pretty cool, too
Afghan lovers unite: This is a great new book from our friends at Liesure Arts, I had so much fun looking at all the new patterns and color combos. I recomment this book take it to the yarn store with you and pick a design and then your favorite colors and enjoy.
complete nuisance: I set it up according to the directions, clicked the scan button, and the contraption made a noise but never began the scanning process. Uninstalled it, then re-installed it, and the same thing happened. Complete and utter waste of my time. I gave it one star only because it had all the parts in the box.
bad company: The scanner looks nice but very deceiving, I bought this scanner because of the name Xerox.I had it for about 2 months and scanned maybe 100 sheets, now it died!Xerox after 3weeks of calls now wants me to pay return shipping and they say I will get a refurbished unit. (Bad company)
does not work: You get two sets of dice: one that always comes up 7 or11 and another set. Planned to have some family fun with it. Only fun we had was how it did not work at all. The 7-11 set comes up all kinds of numbers. What were they thinking with this item?
Decent player... while it lasts: After a little over a year my Zen Xtra has stopped playing sound. Everything else works it just appears to be a faulty headphone jack which is a common problem on Creative's players. On a dinky $30 portable I wouldn't expect much but on a $300 device this is just unacceptable.Their warranty period and customer service is a joke. Go have a look at their forums. Stay away from Creative products. There are other alternatives out there.
Poor substitute for an iPod: Simply not as friendly for functional as an iPod. Even better, iPod integrates perfectly with iTunes so that managing music is a snap.
Yet another broken headphone jack.: After roughly a year of fairly reliable use, I've also fallen prey to the faulty headphone jack. Now i'm wondering what to do with an item that I paid nearly $400 because the limited warranty conveniently ran out eight or nine months ago ("limited" being somewhat of an understatement). No one should ever have to consider "fixing", and possibly further marring something they paid that much money for.A month ago I would've given this item four stars. After coming here and seeing so many people with the exact same problem that Creative continues to neglect, I'm outright angry that I'm not alone.
Discontinued 70PD05500032?: Another reviewer recently advised that this is the model to look for. I was just advised at a well known retailer that this model has been discontinued. Is this true or is this a classic bait-and-switch technique? Their current weekly sales circular features this model at a sale price. When you get to the store, they don't have it but when they look it up in their computer, it shows up as "Discontinued". It is difficult to relate reviews to actual products when the reviews you base your buying decision on could be about(a)different model(s) from the one you actually buy online or in-store. The Creative Labs' own website does not give model numbers so they are adding to the confusion.
Top Notch Christmas Jazz: I own several dozen Christmas Jazz CD's. How did I miss this one for so long? It's a winner from begining to end. The Trio really delivers some tasty versions of your favorite Christmas standards. Each nugget features a unique take on the song without straying too far from the original sound. Very upbeat and lively thtoughout. Not your standard, elevator jazz.
review: The whole book could have been written in half of its size. Not very well written due to being too wordy, hard to follow.
Wow: I actually give this ZERO stars. But had to give it a star due to Amazon's rules.The title is slightly misleading as it is not all about Wilson's involvment with Manson. That's just a part of it. And warning, that part contains explicit material if anyone cares to know. I know Brian Wilson is the brains behind the Beach Boys, but this documentary was predominantly about Brian. This should have been titled: "Brian Wilson and the Satan (featuring the rest of them)".I've seen other Beach Boys documentaries (even made for tv movies) that were better than this jumpy compilation. I felt like I was trying to watch a documentary put together by someone who had ADD.
Basketball, not at its best: Ok, as yall might know me, im Gamer8. To the game. This game is sorta like the first NBA Street game for the PS2. It has some flaws, such as lighting. Also, at points of the game, you might say, is this game worth $50.00? Well, its worth about $30.00. 1.- Its not a good game for portability. 2.- Lighting is bad at times 3.-Can be hard for beginners. So I suggest that you must know what the first few NBA Street games are about before buying thsi title. PS:Its a fun game after a while
never again: I bought this heater and it didn't even work on arrival. The pilot light came on, but nothing else. What a waste of time and money.
Reaching for the Light: I have really enjoyed this book! I have been learning a lot for my own healing. The reason I bought it was because a few months back I was able to read a portion of the book and I was hooked! I think this book is a must read for people struggling with ritual abuse!!
Hardly worth reading: This book, while fairly well written, was quite a dull story, and was very depressing to read. Sherwood seems to have researched her subject well, but the book seemed to be unnecessarily vulgar in a number of places, and this made the book all the more unpleasant to read.
Statin levels: Based on what I have researched/read each pill in this formula should contain 3.4mg ofLovastatins, (Icluding monacolins KA form).The FDA will not allow these companies to print this on the label. They want everyone reliant on large pharma. This formula was tested and contained no mycotoxin citrinin (thought to cause chronic kidney disease in the Balkans where this toxin is found in high levels) a dosage of three pills a day should be a good start and is the minimum effective dosage shown to work in clinical trials.I would also recommend taking a CoQ10 supplement like Q-gel which is solubilized in polysorbate 80, for excellent absorption.
DECEPCIONADO: Me encanta leer libros de cocina y pense que este sería "el libro" para conocer arte y costumbres culinarias de otros paises. Como soy originario de México y ahora vivo en Brasil, lo primero que leí fue lo referente a estoa paises. QUE DECEPCIÓN!La idea del libro es excelente y seguramente la autora tuvo que viajar, leer y estudiar mucho, pero pienso que debió haber pedido ayuda a que revisaran sus capítulos personas conocedoras de cada país o región.Tiene muchos errores históricos, geográficos, culinarios y de ortografía del idioma original. Estoy preparando una lista de ellos que posteriormente enviaré.La felicito por su dedicación, perodes graciadamente el resultado no es del todo bueno.Hans Rio de Janeiro/Brasil
Excellent show, poor sound: Unfortunatelly the DVD is dissapointing for Tina's fans. The show is fantastic, but both Dolby Digital and DTS version of this DVD have one of the worst sounds I ever heard. My subwoofer didn't move once while the tweeters of the front speakers nearly went on flames. More, the soundtrack was re-edited with sound taken from other concerts (that's incredible - at one moment I swear that I heard the word Munchen despite the fact that the concert is in Amsterdam). And, oh yes, the DVD is overpriced. Forget "Amsterdam" and don't miss "One Last Time in Concert" as it has verry good sound quality and image. Not speaking abut the phantastic show...
Northwinds - 'Great God Pan' (Black Widow): Northwinds seems to have a good share of originality to their sound.It might be sort of tough to describe their work,but I'll try.A French progressive outfit that blends old school Sabbath with celtic music.Would that formula even fly?It does here.Notice some truly inspired heavy guitar work along with some superb keyboard and flute playing on 'Great...'.A total of six cuts,with each one averaging eight minutes.Tunes I couldn't get enough of were the title track,"Great God Pan",their Sabbath cover of "A National Acrobat"(talk about covering an obscurity-great work!!)and the epic "The Forest Of Koncerei".A real keeper.
It does not use your classification for the musics.: I organize all my files into folders. However this device ignores my classification and sort all files by artist and album. There is no way to configure the device so I can browse my music through my folders.Moreover, there is no easy way to create a playlist. To do that you have to install the software that cames whith it and you can not add new musics to the playlist in another computer. All playlists editions must be done in the same computer. This is a huge limitation for me because I use a lot of different computers (home, office, notebook,...). I haven't bought an Ipod because it has the same limitations. Futhermore, the software that comes with it is terrible, much worst than Itunes.So if you organize your files into folder and would like to use this classification in your mp3 player, and if you don't want to buy an Ipod because you will be tied on in a specific computer, you SHOULD NOT BUY this device.
Returned the View twice in one week: I bought a sansa e280 for myself and have not encountered any troubles, so I decided to buy a View for my boyfriend. Right out of the box, the player would not turn on because the power button was stuck. We tried everything but nothing would happen. The customer service people could not turn it on also, so we exchanged that one. The next one we received at least turned on. We went home to charge it and then tried to start loading media on. Thats where trouble came. For video and pictures, you have to convert the file format by using the sansa downloadable converter. I was able to transfer photos with no problem but we never were able to get video on the player. We tried different files, different computers, and different people and nothing. My boyfriend spoke to the customer representatives and had no luck. I have transferred music, video, and photos to my sansa e280 with no problems, but this player has many problems.
Worst mp3 player on the market.: I bought at the end of 2009 and have been meaning to leave a review ever since but have not done so on account of not having anything nice to say about this product. This is about the worst mp3 player on the market. Sound quality is so-so. I cannot create or save any playlists. The worst aspect of this player is the battery life. I charged it for one whole day and then when I disconnected it from the power source the battery bar immediately went to RED.Please, please do not waste your money & time on this product. I for one will never buy anythign that has the SanDisk name on it.
Nice Device: This is a nice MP3. I got it on Black Friday on Amazon for only $99.99 , yes Sansa View 8 GB MP3 280. While everyone else was looking at the lighting rounds on Black Friday they didn't see the tiny small icons around the today's deal page. If you use a computer you should be able to tranfer sound & images files without using a program. It's basic computer 101. I use Sony's SonicStage myself. Records at 192 for crisp sound.
This player is very very good: Wow, this has been one of the best products I bought, with great sound, great quality pictures in the video, easy to load files into memory, compatible with WMP, it also brings a player-Sync in the installation cd . I like, I take all Pareto, I plug in the car, sounds very hard, is extremely friendly to navigate between playlists. Presntacion has several languages''. The Spanish translation used is very good and relevant, unlike others who say one thing and mean another. I recommend
Don't buy without a good return policy.: This player freezes constantly. It's possible not everyone has this issue. Also the menus can be a bit sluggish. Don't buy without a good return policy.
Don't buy this piece of crap: I bought this piece of crap and found out it's not compatible with tracks which are downloaded in DRM (Digital Rights Management) format which 6 out of 6 songs I downloaded from Napster were in. So, I have basically a $200 radio. Worthless. DO NOT BUY!!!
Nothing is from scratch?: Why on Earth would "nothing is made from scratch" be a selling point for a cookbook? How horrid!For good, simple cooking, look into Mark Bittman's cookbooks.
Really funny and exciting: I'd say this book is extremely informative for the responsible, occasional sit at home drug user. I read it and learned a few things about the law I didn't know about. Definately a must read for anyone who uses any drugs whether it be a little or a lot. If you're a dealer it gives you an outlook of legal information, but one of the author's commandments in the book is "Thou shall not sell" which every dealer already knows. The only rule for dealers is DON'T GET CAUGHT.
Good book: Good story and interesting characters..A lot of history in this story that I found to be interesting..the life of Indians has always fascinated me.
Great History: I am a big fan of Ms. Blake's but this was not one of her better books. It dragged a lot at times but the history involved in the story more than made up for it. If you're a fan of people and their cultures, you might want to give this book a try.
Handy card holders: I play canasta and frequently wind up with gobs of cards, which, since I have small hands and am also a klutz, I drop a lot and mix up. The card holders are on the large size so they hold a lot of cards and have little props so they can stand alone. They are also slightly curved to prevent other players from "accidentally" seeing your cards. A very good deal for klutzes everywhere.
It does the job: If you can't hold the cards, this will work but I believe they lost sight of their purpose and are trying to address a problem from outside the box. The idea is to make it easier for the individual. It can be difficult to get the cards in place and then change their positions defeating the fundamental purpose. A block of wood will do better. The card holder shouldn't be a game within a game.
Buy this now!: Very attractive, solid and sturdy, materials are very well organized. Not the cheapest, but well worth it -- especially at the discount Amazon provides... And then there's the content -- top notch stuff, perfect.
Forward the Mage an Alternate Style: Eric Flint has become an established SF Author. However he has more than one style of writing. This book is in an experimental style more related to Rabelais, Cervantes, Voltaire, Swift and Sterne. This book set in "Joe's World" is the second book in this series. Although not main stream in any way it is an enjoyable book and well worth reading. Once read I was hooked into asking "where is the rest of this story", this is quite normal for this style of writing and I await eagerly the next volume.
Fantasy writing at its best: Eric Flint and Richard Roach's Forward The Mage is fantasy writing at its best: an artist-swordsman faces an evil sorcerer, arrest, and politics when his artistic ambitions are rerouted in a struggle for survival. Both feature fast-paced action and complex, believable settings.
A device grows old: Related to the Philosophical Strangler. Stories overlap, but this book focuses on Gwendolyn, Benvenutti & the Sorcerer. Story of events in these characters' lives before, during, and after, Phil Strangler. Found the language a bit much to wade through a second time, and not as funny. If you loved Philosophical Strangler, you'll probably love this one, but if you were growing weary by the end of the Strangler, you should probably pass this one up.
Cool Documentary: I was extremely excited to pop this DVD into my computer and watch it. But please be aware this is more like a documentary. And please don't let me deter you from buying this DVD.A lot of interviews about the the World Championship mixed with some GREAT interludes of the interviewee riding. Watching them ride will inspire all of you mountain biking enthusiast out there. As the description states, this is about the riders and sacrifices they go through, not about their riding skill and extreme stunts. I expected non-stop action, but this is still a great DVD to add to my collection. I've watched it a few times just to watch them ride their riding chapters.A must buy for anyone serious about competitive DH racing. Shred it up all!
Informative but idiosyncratic coverage of historical warships: This book offers an interesting diagrammatic presentation of thirty-six warships, ranging from a Roman galley to a "Nimitz"-class aircraft carrier. Naval buffs will find this a useful book, with numbered guides accompanying the cut-away color diagrams that offered details about the layouts of the various ships. Yet the selection of what constitutes a "great" warship is rather idiosyncratic. The selection is exclusively Western in its orientation, as Chinese junks, Ottoman galleys or Imperial Japanese Navy vessels completely absent. Moreover, the compilers seemed to have been unable to decide whether a great warship was an innovative one or a historic one and included selections of both, leaving out others more deserving in the process. As a result, while an interesting resource, it is a limited one that lacks a theme that could have made it a truly valuable book.
Jabra Eargels: The service was good but the product didn't have enough info for me to make a wise decision. At the end I couldn't use the product on my jabra ear piece. The item description should have information on compatible Ear sets to help make a better purchasing choice.
Jabra Ear Gels: These are not the same that come on the earbud, and are not easy to use, or to hear from. I sent mine back!
What a waste: Complete waste of $12.00. If they stayed in your ear they might be worth something, but good luck with that. In-ear earbuds work so much better than these.
Fast delivery, great product: Super fast delivery. The last ear loop on my Jawbone had worn out. The large ear gel fit over the Jawbone earbud and, with a little superglue, stays there. It fits in my ear without using any loops. After a full day, the ear is a little tender, but it is getting better the more I use it. I would highly recommend the ear gels for anyone with a Jawbone. Improves sound and the fit of the sensor with the jaw.
JABRA EAR GELS: Save youself some money. The Jabra Ear Gels are an absolute waste. They actually fit worse than the stock ear buds from Jawbone.I was even more disappointed that I paid $4.63 shipping on a worthless $9.99 product. It's not even worth returning. Lesson learned. Hopefully you will also.
jabra eargels: These really do make wearing a jawbone a lot better for me. The only problem I found with them is that you have to buy so many just to get the one that fits right.
Don't waste your money: They look cheep and feel cheep and well.. they are cheep but they don't work which is the bottom line. Fitting them onto the jawbone does not lock into place so the ear piece you just spent over a 100bucks for falls out of your ear! It's not worth it since Jawbone gives you five ear buds that lock onto the Jawbone, which fit your snugly in your ear. They also give you a left ear or a right ear bar that lets you choose which works for you. So this product fails and had I'd seen them in person I wouldn't have spent my money on them.
Not well suited for the Jawbone II: When I first installed one of these on my new Jawbone II, they were fantastic. They fit my ear canal perfectly, negating the need for the ear loop that came with it. Unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset. The ear pieces would not stay on the Jawbone, and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear. I tried washing and drying them thoroughly, but that only helped for an hour or so. I am not sure what the fit problem is, but they turned out to not work for my Jawbone II and me at all.
pain in the ear: They feel better than the jawbone junk but there is no perfect fit even though they give you several different sizes. Then the jawbone bluetooth falls out of most of them.Basically, a waste of money unless you are one of the lucky ones that all fits as you had hoped.
JEG: The product arrived as expected. The ear gels fit the JawBone well and were perfect for ill perfect ears.
scottiesgems: I bought this to see if using the gels would help keep my Jawbone in place. None of the gels fit in my ear.
Don't waste your money: After ordering these eargels, I spent an enormous amount of time trying to make them fit. It was useless. Unless you have elephant ears, or you wish to grease them and use a hammer to insert them, they won't work.
This movie is not all that: originally i would give this horrible dipiction of The Odyssey 1 star, but because of one of the last scenes where ugly t(telemachus) threw two spears at once, i give it two stars. Everything was horrible to my opinion. The accents kept changing everything. If you read the book before you watched the movie, you would thinkt hat this was all a joke. So if anything just read the book by itself. So two stars for two stars thrown by ugly T
Hmmmmmmm: I've seen better movies on The All News Channel. Odysseus was played very well, but his part was boring. As well as the rest of the movie. Scylla looks like 1930's cartoons.I drew better stuff in 1st grade.Every single scene looks so fake it isn't even funny. I can probably get more entertainment watching an earthworm. I would not recommend this to anyone young or old. This movie isn't worth a penny in my book!
Crap, all crap: ...you would have noticed how horrible the allusions are in this crap-that-calls-itself-a-movie. The characters were simply annoying; Telemakhos, the whiny school boy that cries whenever he doesn't get his way, creepy Athena, who's eyes are SUPPOSED to be gray, Penelope, who obviously has a more pleasureful time on the water on the beach than with her husband, and of course Odysseus, who would make me weep if he was my captain. The sets looked as if elementary school kids put them together, Scylla was a sock-puppet, and the shades were just sad. I have never in my life seen such crap and I hope you won't fall for these other 4-star reviews that make me want to PUKE!
The Odyssey with Armand Asanti: I really like this version; especially since there is really very few versions of this work of literature.
Great movie, but what's with the price?: I have seen this movie before, and was looking to buy it to show in my classroom, but...why the heck is it $99? It's good, but not THAT good!
Very BORING: This movie was very boaring. I really didnt enjoy it at all. It was to gory. I just dont enjoy when people kill. I also dont enjoy when people dress like old stone age, and dont enjoy the anceint times they were rough and crewl times. The movie the odyssey took place in Greece back thousands of years ago when there was such things as mythical creatures. I really dont enjoy things like that others might. Although , there is a part I did like. I enjoyed the part of the movie when calypso(Venessa Williams) kept odysseus on the island for two years she nor her maids had not seen a man for 100 years. I thought that was very interesting. The other parts of the muvie confuse me and the names confuse me such as: Penelope(Greta Scacchi), Athene(Isabella Rossellini), Cyclopes(Reid Asato), and Eurybates(Ron Cook). Those were just a few. So all in all I would give this movie one star. I f you like movies like this then its great and go watch it but if you dont its not a movie for you as you can see.
Birds, Beasts and Relatives: As always, Gerard Durrell's works make me want to hop on a flight to Greece right now. His imagery of the lush flora and fauna there make it seem irresistible to anyone, especially small boys. Though it was an enjoyable read, it seemed a bit too similar to My Family and Other Animals, as though this sequel was everything he had forgotten to put into the first one, which is exactly what the author states in the introduction. This book seemed to focus a bit more on the animals, less on the comical family, and though sea life is fascination, crustaceans do get a bit old. This book is very relaxing to read, and almost makes you feel like you are a little boy again. Slow paced and funny, this enjoyable book put Corfu at the top of my list of places to go.
I Don't Think So!: Quite often, bringing a classic story like "Moby Dick" to the screen is a thankless task. But at least John Huston's 1956 version has a lot of class as well any number of great performances (even Moby Dick looked a lot more realistic in 1956!). This version just doesn't make it - skip it and buy a copy of Gregory Peck's rendition instead. You'll be glad you did.
The white whale isn't: The annimation for the white whale was lousy. The original with G. Peck is a classic & you can't do a remake to match it. The attempt to give underwater scenes with the white whale sending the ship to the bottom stunk.
Did not fit in ear: I was amazed how poorly these fit in my ear, in fact, after trying for a couple of weeks, I could not tell which one was the R and which was the L as they both fit so poorly. The spiky part hurt my ear after a few minutes of wearing.I threw these out and purchased the Umbo earbud. Much, much better fit there.
Great Series opener: I picked up this book used for a couple dollars while on vacation and spent the rest of my vacation reading it. I rated this book 4 stars because even though I found it to be very enjoyable, I seemed to easily figure out where the plot was heading, Nevertheless, I was still surprised by the ending. I found the tension between hester and Monk to be both intriguing and frustrating, especially when it was not resolved at the end of the book. Needless to say, I was delighted to discover that there are 11 (soon to be 12) more books in the series. I plan to read them all.
The Face of a Stranger: Since I started somewhere in the middle of the series, this book was the explanation of who Monk was and about his accident in which he lost his memory. This is a wonderful series and I would recommend it to anyone and suggest beginning with this book, "The Face of a Stranger" which is the first in the series, for a more complete appreciation of each following book.
Waste of time and money: I have used this product in addition to the fogger and carpet powder. I have sprayed all furniture, bedding, hard to reach spaces,etc. And a month later I still have fleas. It is a major waste of time and money.
This is not a normal Mercedes Lackey book.: When I read a Mercedes Lackey book I expect to care about what happens to *someone* in the book. There was no one here who was 'real' enough to care about. The people all felt like shadows, without true substance (or reasons) to their actions. I couldn't find reasons to cheer for anyone. One problem is there were too many people to follow easily. Since there were so many none of them were drawn richly enough to draw me into their world.
I hope Frances Mayes Got A Lot of Money for the Rights...: I love her books so much! This movie is an absolute insult! The original story was so wonderful I can't understand why the film makers thought they were making something better. And Ed! What about Ed? Geez. I could only get through the part where they were taking out the wall between the two rooms, foolishly thinking that the movie would get better, and after that I was done. Another good thing about DVDs is that you don't have to be kind and rewind. It would have be a waste of electricity and my VCR. This movie is right up there with Ishtar! Except worse!
very much disappointed: It was just terrible for me, living in Italy for many years now. I hated to see exaggerated stereotyping of Italian men. it seemed to me a real bad Hollywood interpretation of A Room with A View.
A very sexy and entertaining film! 5 stars!: A very sexy and entertaining film. Sure, this film is heartwarming and inspiring. It is also funny and pleasant. BUT it is also sexy, very sexy infact! And it is very enjoyable and entertaining. 5 stars!
Terrible movie: I rented this movie with the highest of expectations due to the things I had heard talked about it, like that it was funny and romantic and had wonderful scenery. What a disappointing story!The story had no sense of direction. It seemed badly glued together, as if the scriptwriters were saying, "we'll make her a divorced woman...and then we'll make her go on a gay tour...and oh wait, let's make her have no morals and have sex with a man she hasn't known for even one day...and lets make her flirt with the real estate man." All in all, the story turned out to be pretty stupid with nothing to admire in the main character.
Last time I let the Blockbuster guy recommend a movie....: What a waste of two hours! As a romantic comedy, it falls short on both romance and comdey. As a movie trying to give over a lesson, it is trite, overdone, and poorly performed. The writing is unimpressive, the story is dull and far fetched, and many details either make no sense or detract from the overall plot. What was the point? They seemed to have forgotten to find one.
under the Tuscany Sun: Was Very Very disappointed!! Movie though brand new, just out of the box it was stopping all the time during the latter part of the movie.
Wonderfully Inspiring Movie!: In this movie, as with life(usually),our "plans" from our "beginnings", don't work out like we think they will.[If yours have and you are one of the those living your dreams, twenty, fifty, etc. years later, I'm sure you are counting your blessings! ;)]Frances' "new" story begins when she acts on instinct instead of "planning" and thus life begins, rather unexpectedly to Frances, to have its own "design" for her life. She has her hopes and dreams for what her life will become. Little does she know she will get exactly what she asks for. However, as in true life, it may not be in the way you expect it.A truly, inspirational movie for anyone struggling through some tough times in your life. I can't tell you how many times I've seen it, but I probably couldn't use my fingers to count, even if I counted each of them twice!Also, must mention Diane Lane, Sandra Oh, you guys are the best!
Diane Lane is great but skip this movie: Diane Lane is the only redeemable part to this lame effort.The film takes tremendous liberties with the plot from the book. Way way too much PC madness.A waste of time and money.
Canon NB-5L good for the XS200IS: I think it's always best to get the actual canon battery rather than a "replacement substitute". The battery life so far is pretty good- at least 8 hours.
Here's what really happened...: The John Houseman character from the excellent James Caan original version, jumped into a time machine with the intent of destroying the social commentary critical to multinational monopolies from the first film and spreading cultural plastics so prevalent in his future history. The result is dumbed down junk where you must give up the idea of wondering how movie executive's decisions are made. I think he did a good job.
A failure of "Battlefield Earth" proportions!: I should say, "worse than Battlefield Earth proportions!" This whole movie makes you just sit there at the end and go, "why?" Everything about this convoluted, sarcastic, beefed up, badly edited tripe is confusing to watch, poorly executed and loses you 10 minutes into the film. You are introduced to boring characters, cliched camera angles and material we all know John Mcteirnan is far more capable of. I was thankful I got to rent this instead of buying it because quite frankly this movie just plain stinks! If you really want to see the real "Rollerball" rent (don't buy) the original. The original has a much stronger story and for cryin out loud-James Caan! He's a legend man!! I don't know what kind of future Chris Klein has in movies but as far as action movies go, let's just put it this way, we already have Keanu Reeves and quite bluntly, he's a much better actor. Steer clear and save your money!
TERRIBLE MOVIE! DO NOT BUY!: This movie was one of the worst films I've seen in years. The script is horrible, the movie had little glitches on it, and a big scene of the movie is shot in night vision (GREEN!) If you are thinking of buying this movie, read this review. I'd give this movie 0 stars, but the minimum is 1 star.
Horrible.: I had high hopes for this movie.I actually thought it would be at least a little bit decent.It wasn't.It was pure garbage.I had to leave this movie after the first 30 minutes.Its that bad.Avoid this movie at all costs.
ZERO stars... OMG I can't believe I even bothered to finish this thing.: I wish I had read the reviews. As it is I distroyed the copy of the tape I had so that won't inflict damage on anyone else. (In an evironmentally friendly way of course).The original Roller ball was pretty bad, and the remake is worse if that were possible. In a fit of weakness I put the tape in the machine and let it play. I kept thinking, this can't get any worse and then it did. <repeat> And then thank god it was over.If I could sue for the return of my 2hrs of veiwing time I would.
Junk, need I say more JUNK: This movie should have never been made, there is basically no story present and is just a bunch of people going around on rollerblades bashing each other's brains in. I was really looking foreword to this flick, it's previews were misleading, it looked as though it was brilliant and exciting. Guess what, it's really really really NOT!Trust me don't waste your time unless the only thing better you have to do is give the cat a bath, even then I really don't believe you should waste your time!
I Hope I'm Not Allergic To It!: I ordered this, based on the reviews. I ordered on 11/16, and received it on 11/21 (I needed it by 11/29). I love the musky smell. I only tested 1 drop on my wrist. I have to say that after a couple of hours, the smell turned into a strong sex smell... not bad, but definitely sex. I'm going to test it out at work next week, but the real test is on 11/30. I'll report my findings then.12/6/12: It works! This is definitely going to be my "go-to" scent. It drove my man crazy! I love it. I will purchase again.
concisely written: This book has been a great help to us as we work with our Russian guests. We are never going to be fluent in Russian but this little handbook makes communication possible. Thank you .
What the????: It is jut an action figure you build and then you let it sit on the floor for months until it is stepped on. What will this do for you. All it does is make noises. Have you looked at the price of the item and do you think it is a good price for something that does nothing, but make a noise and just sits there after one day of being played with? This has no education value. For Yu-Gi-Oh fans, you should try buying Yu-Gi-Oh tins instead of this CRAP!
When Good Products Go Bad: I bought two of the 633's two years ago and actually fell in love with the machine - despite the TV Guide debacle (blame cable companies on that, not the manufacturers). After a year and a half the first one stopped working. Best I can tell, the Hard Drive just failed. The cost for fixing makes it smarter to buy a new one - so I trashed it. A few months later the second one stopped working altogether also. I absolutely love the machine but there is obviously some problme with the hard drives. I am waiting until pioneer replaces this line (533/633) to buy a better one. Don't know why there is so little to choose from in the industry for this type of product.
Very disappointed: Although these sheets are pretty and warm, their size and fit are horrible. The fitted bottom sheet is far too long plus the elastic around the corners is not tight enough to keep the sheet on the mattress (which tends to come off through the night). And the flat sheet is barely wide enough. I would not buy these again.
Very large: These run VERY large and do not fit correctly because of this. However, for the price, I still think they are a great bargain. They are very heavy duty and will probably last many years. They are also very warm. Almost too warm here in southen California. Those people in cold climates would LOVE them! Anyhow, I would be giving five stars except for the mismatched fit. But I just tucked it in really good and they stay on the bed just fine.
dont get it: Dont get it the graphics suck and u can only get mega man. U should wait to get the progress pet or the double soul PET.
Not a good toy: This toy isn't well made or designed with kids in mind. You have to shake it forever before it will even do anything. I thought it was broken at first but then I found out that you can shake it for 10 min and nothing will happen but that's normal. If you like Megaman then I'd get the GBA game instead of the PET toy.
JBL MRX512M: JBL has several price points for it's professional sound reinforcement products. JRX is the least expensive and MRX is the second least expensive. The MRX series offer higher quality and durability for a very reasonable price. These are normally $700.00 each. Amazon offered a new "opened" package which I was able to purchase for much less. These are extremely lightweight for the amount of power they can handle. Power handling is between 400 and 1600 watts depending on the program. Nominal wattage is 800 watts into 8 ohms. Excellent for live monitoring or as mains for smaller venues. Speakon in and out connectors only. Non protruding handle. Great product.
Good for downhill only: I can't believe this rates higher than 2 Stars. Don't be fooled, this only good for down hill. While it is well built, you can't propel this trike as advertized. Save your money, don't buy this!
Pratchetts Best!!!!: Since I am a literature student I am a reads-everything-I-can-get person. Having once recognized Pratchetts works, I left all my classic German literature aside and started reading and reading and reading... . But this book, "Small Gods", has beaten everything I've read before (even my all-time favorite "Faust" - you know: the Goethe one). It is witty, intelligent and above all deaply questioning. I remained nodding all the time:"Yes, that's what I always believed religion is about."
Pratchett Review Haiku: I've been trying to distill my reviews to seventeen syllables. Here's an attempt.A tortoise falls fromthe sky. Brutha must showthe heretics Truth.
Why do people like this garbage?: Okay, I had to read this book for a Fantasy Lit. class I am taking. My teacher and all of my fellow classmates, it seems, find it hilarious. I, however, am left wondering: why?I understand what he's getting at with religion and what not, I've just seen it done in a much better way by much better authors. The characters are boring and flat. His humor is downright stupid. This book is not clever in the least. If you don't know the things he's pointing out in a way which suggests he thinks they are quite witty, you really need to think for yourself.I guess it might appeal to the great masses who can find nothing better to do with their time than go to the next big blockbuster movie and buy the latest crap novel. But then, the back of the book does say he is a popular author, and like most things that are popular, it must be accessible to the public or else they won't understand.
Boring plot.: I liked what it was about, the characters and alot of the ideas. What I didn't like was the plot, it just bored me. The only reason I kept reading was to see if it had anymore ideas in it, I love his ideas, especially in books like Mort, Colour of Magic, and Light Fantastic.
cross contamination: The many ideas given (eat the inside of sandwiches, eat the top off of canapes, avoid the crust) can give a true celiac serious consequences. Sometimes, a person can eat gluten with no obvious side effects but do great "silent damage" to one's intestines. There are complications to celiac disease such as refractory sprue and collagenous sprue. I have these complications due to not being strict enough when following the gluten free diet.
Just Accepting Gluten Free Life: I have read the other reviews of this book, and while I appreciate everyone's opinions I must say that this book helped me immensely! I am new to the gluten free life. I have been ill for two years and am just finding out that gluten is one of my issues. I had NO prior knowledge and this book did a lot to allay my fears. I haven't read Against the Grain, so I cannot compare the two. Jax made me laugh often, even through my tears. I recommend it for those just starting out.
Terrible!: My sister was recently diagnosed with Celiac Disease and there is a strong chance that I may have it as well. I wanted to read about it to learn more and was told that this book was a great place to start. Unfortunately, I found the book to be poorly written and with the most bizarre suggestions; how to write your family a Christmas letter, informing them of the diagnosis. Come on! There are other instances that I felt it was just a little over the top and was not realistic to everyday life.Since finishing this book, I began reading Elizabeth Hasselbeck's book, The G-Free diet and have found it to be much more informative and much better written. Ms. Hasselbeck's book gets right to the point giving you the information that you really need to understand this disease.
get the facts: Most of the people who gave shining, sparkly reviews of this book focus on how it made them feel. It is not boring. Jax is a talented writer, I'll give her that. But when I read on page 394 that the perscription drugs I was on and had been on for 5 years (both Pfizer drugs) were not GF I was seriously troubled.Many follow-ups with both Pfizer and online support groups have indicated just how full of erroneous information this book is.I went off my meds immediately thinking I was injesting gluten. I suffered the undue consequences of going off "cold turkey" when I needed to taper off. In actuality those meds ARE GF, and always were!!!If you want the facts (as boring as they are) -- dont rely on this book. If you want some comfort and laughs then give it a read, but be sure to take any factual information with a grain of salt, as they say.Jax was indeed very lax when writing this book.
Thank God for Jax Peters Lowell ! !: What a wonderful, easy book to read. And so helpful. So many books and articles on this subject are just too plain technical and boring to read. Not the Gluten-Free Bible. It is clear, easy-to-understand and very engaging. I really appreciate how the author relates the issues of living gluten-free to everyday life. It is an intelligent book that is fun to read and very, very informative at the same time. I have never written a book review before, but I am so impressed with The Gluten-Free Bible that I want to share these thoughts with everyone and I intend to rush out to buy the other books by this insightful, witty writer. Enjoy! To your health!
Not useful and a waste of money: The software does not cocur to the current USMLE pattern.It is a waste of money. The questions present on the trial CD are misleading....they do not reflect the pattern of questions inside. Do not waste your money on this!
Devoid of depth or even much substance: The only type of person to whom I could possibly recommend this book is someone with no experience with children and who wants a "forest" level view of them from one source. There is nothing in this book for a parent in the thick of childrearing. Although they are completely out of date with respect to political correctness and product availability, the series from the Gesell Institute (Your One Year Old, Your Two Year Old, etc. etc.) provides immensely better insight into what is going on with children at particular ages and stages. "Raising Your Spirited Child" is a much better place to start looking for advice getting along with a difficult child or even an average difficulty child. I am saddened and more than a bit annoyed (I purchased the book on the basis of the organization's recommendation) that the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry would put its imprimatur on a book containing such little insight.
Try something else.: I picked up this book at B&N; because I had just read two Jane Austin novels and I thought this would be a light read. I was wrong. The beggining and the end had a purpose in the story but the middle could have been much, much shorter and the ending made a little longer.I liked the character of Mr. Bounderby. He was very well developed. I would even say over-developed, but he was the only one. How did Sissy influence the youngest Gradgrind? Why didn't we know of Mrs. Bounderbys inner turmoil till she ran to her father? Every character had something missing. What happened to Mr. Bounderby once he was found out? Why is Sissy so special and what did she really do for the family?It was a long book where nothing much happened until the last quarter and when it finally ended I felt cheated because it lacked a complete story line and full characters. The story line could have been forgiven if I was more satisfied with the characters.
Mr. Dickens slams industrial horror scenes.: Charles Dickens, as is his custom, slams into so-called civilized 19th century British industrial scenes in a smoky place called Coketown. He writes with a sharp knife about poverty, hunger, cruel management and lack of compassion. Humor here is on the grim side.
Less than one star.: Didn't like this book at all. For several reasons: 1. the hero Ben seemed weak especially when he allowed his mother to slap him, come on he is like 37-39 years old!!! Unbelievable! 2. the heroine was way too dependent upon daddy; did she not have any type of backbone? 3. The biggest, Ben knew the truth and yet he had to create all this angst on both their parts!!! YUCK!!
Parents - Don't waste your money! Buy the GBA game: I purchased the Red and Blue PETs for my son who loves the show. These toys don't work properly. My son carries it around as a prop but it too difficult for a child between 6-10 to understand. If your child wants a PET, but the GBA game Red Sun / Blue Moon. There is a build it PET that works. Kids can battle each other.
Rivetting Sci-Fi in Paradise: A regular nail biter: strong plotlines, excellent cast give relaible performances, killer locations. Sci-fi what-if horror flick with a twist. Who knew Tim Hutton was a sci-fi fan? Nice uncomplicated performance.,
A Must Have: For those familiar with the Burzum name, Hvis Lyset Tar Oss is largely and widely accepted as his crowning achievement. Utilizing a stunning mixture of layered guitar melodies, gloomy synths, and thunderous percussion, Varg works his way through three hypnotic metal songs before the ambitious ambient outro - Tomhet. Rather than sit here and rattle on about the magic contained within this record, I would rather just claim that it is a must have for any black metal fan, and ranks among the highest calibur or metal releases period.
Super Reader: An excellent book. Kim Newman puts his own spin on a turn around a Wold Newton style universe. He also has a bunch of sneaky 'now who was that' style cameos, a la John Myers Myers' Silverlock.Dracula has found another way to be in charge in England, by marrying in to the royal family. To prevent problems, he has had the Great Detective thrown in a prison camp.So when a serial killed called Silver Knife is killing vampire whores, it falls to the Diogenes Club to investigate. Vampires heal normal wounds, but not silver. The investigation uncovers a lot more than just a chain of killings.
Politics?: A rather disappointing read since the book fails to adequately deal with the politics of the period. House's argument that oppositional painting is necessarily political is not only flawed but little evidence is offered in support of his argument, an argument which goes something like this: many impressionist works and also those by Manet explicitly reject preordained hierachies of value in terms of both legibility of subject matter and technique,they are thus subversive,disruptive and oppositional and as a result political. I had expected the book to address in a more explicit, detailed and concrete manner the relationship of art produced at the time to politics. However, many of the descriptions of the works themselves are enlightening and chapter 4, 'The Viewer of Modern Life' is well worth a read.
A Must for Handgunners - Old and New: This is a great reference for anyone considering using handguns as self-defense. Even experienced people should have a book like this as a refresher and reference. Is it perfect? No, such a short book is only so comphrensive. But it manages to impart a lot of knowledge nonetheless and anyone who thinks they know a lot about guns should study the experts. See alsoThe Seven Myths of Gun Control: Reclaiming the Truth About Guns, Crime, and the Second Amendment.
Lousy Camera: This is the first time I post a review because I am compelled to do so.I bought this camera to use during the Christmas holidays. I tried to use it the first time to take a picture of the Christmas tree, all I saw was complete darkness. Then I realized that I needed more light. So I turned on all the lights in the house and it was still darkness. If you plan to use this camera indoor, please forget about it! No way.It isn't that great outdoor neither. I took many pictures with the automatic exposure setting. It cannot handle anything with a bright background. It will just be VERY bright.I tried to use it on the ski slopes. I think it is because of the cold temperature, the camera has to be reset often. To make the matter worse, the pictures turned out literally "twisted".I can't belive a HP camera can have so many flaws. Very disappointing. Please don't buy one.
Piece of junk: Camera is only usable outside in broad daylight. Trying anything inside your home/place of business and you'll have nothing but black on your screen.I am returning the product and will probably try lifeview camera with flash to see if camera aperture allows more light in.I was in rooms that were pretty well lit up...and viewfinder is dark as night.Should never have been released as a product because of these flaws...and it doesn't have to be this way. Laptop usb cameras offer incredibly bright pictures in low light conditions.
Video too!: I was very impressed with it. It take stills and movie clips great and it so small. Great pocket p.c. add on .
Motown Heaven -- The Soundtrack for Boomers!: This 3 CD album is a wonerful collection of the "best" of Motown, in which the Holland/Dozier/Holland tagline under the title of the record meant high quality R&B;, and almost always resulted in a mega-hit. The collection begins with the very earliest hit -- Eddie Holland singing "Jamie", and proceeds through most of the major early hits of The Miracles, The Supremes, Martha and the Vandellas, Mary Wells, The Marvalettes, The 4 Tops, the Isley Brothers, and more.This CD replaces my old collection of 45 RPM recordings, and has allowed me to enjoy the Motown Sound without haaving a huge number of CD's to collect. The one downside about this wonderful collection is that the 3rd CD contains mostly less well-known tunes, with the exceeption of two Diana Ross/Supremes cuts: "My World is Empty Without You" and "Forever Came Today". In all, the collection is a terrific value and brings back fond memories: The soundtrack to my teenage years; Rock On!!
Great true crime read: I really have to give this author credit, as far as being able to be so objective in writing about her cousin's killers, and the police detectives who forced a confession from her innocent brother. The book presents its facts on the case, leaving us to our own conclusions. What is so ironic about the case is that the cousins were going to the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge to read an anti-racism poem written by one of the victims, only to be brutally murdered by a gang of the minorities that she was probably referring to.A very fast and good read.
static central: Audio playback through this extension is terrible -- constant static. I have used it with multiple sources and playback devices, speakers and headphones, and all have the same result, static. Replaced it with a higher quality cable and the problem was solved. Not worth the hassle of trying to get a replacement when the cable only cost $3 shipped to begin with.
I expected something better: EDIT: I updated this review in response to comments and changes in the product description.When I purchased the cable the product photo showed gold-plated connectors, and existing reviews (Jose Lima 2007, Larkenfield 2007) mentioned separately insulated wires and gold-plated connectors, so that's what I originally thought I was going to get.The cable I received had nickel-plated connectors; it did not have separately insulated wires. It worked, but the sound started cutting out after less than a month and I've long since thrown the cable away.Given at least one other reviewer of this product (Joseph Z. Singer 2012) didn't get what they expected based on the product description, I think it's safe to say that the product photo and the descriptions of the product in all but the most recent reviews is unreliable. If I were you, I'd buy from another shipper.
Somewhat worked for 30 days....now starting to fail: Update...so the workaround described below work for about 33 days...just outside the return window. The tracks that play in just the left headset channel do not come through. I've tried 2 sets of ear buds and one set of over the ear headsets...all have the same issue. Plug the same headsets into the source (PC), all channels play out of both ear.WOULD NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS ITEM.---Out of the box, if I plug my ear buds from my iPhone into the extension (fully connected in the female end) I only get sound out of the right ear bud. Verified the same condition with a pair of JVC ear buds as well. I have found if you insert the male end of the headphones into the extender to the first "click" (not fully inserted), sound comes from both ear buds. There is tension with it connected in this fashion, so it works but could be better. Others may have better luck with other headphones.
Freud is crazy!: I've studied philosophy to a good degree and therefore and to read some of Freud's work in Philosophy of Psychology. While making some entertaining remarks, Freud has now long been discounted as anything valid and understandably so.
If life is a dream, then don't wake me up: This book is a watershed in human intellectual history. In it Freud undermines the picture of mankind as primarily a being of reason, and presents the idea that we are all creatures of our wishes, our inner unconscious lives. Dreams are not nothing, and they are not in Freud's eyes rare religious gifts, but rather to the key to our own mental life. Freud in this book presents a vast world of examples and interpretations .I am not a psychologist and do not consider myself competent to really judge how much of what Freud presents here is valid or even capable of scientific testing. I do know that this work is one which like a great literary masterpiece has inspired countless interpretations and reinterpretations.Understanding human Intellectual History is now impossible without knowing this work.
It arriived: Ordered it. It arrived quickly. It is used and is as described . I'll update whenever I read it. d
Barely Unbeatable Theory: Freud's "The Interpretation of Dreams" is a unique book. His treatise on human dreams is truly a product of a brilliant mind. But neither the process of creation itself nor not the results and findings it brought out are the true wonders of this book. The great achievement of Freud's theory is its immunity to criticism. In other words, it is virtually impossible to criticize the results and propositions inserted in this book. His main tenet - a dream is a fulfillment of a desire - cannot be attacked in any intelligible way. If one says for instance that an unpleasant dream or a bloody nightmare is clearly not the fulfillment of a desire, Freud would promptly mention masochism or self punishment. Or, if one finally brings forth a dream that is surely not a desire fulfilled, he might nonetheless say there is at least a desire accomplished, viz: the desire to destroy Freud's dream theory.
When did Grandpa die and what do we tell the kids?: Grandma and a brother? That's just weird. I'm a Grandfather of a Five year old Granddaughter and I, I!, bought my Granddaughter the dollhouse and the full set of house furniture. What the, no, wtf were they thinking? Simpletons rule the fricking world. Grandma? Grandpa. Brother? Sister. Idiots.That said my Granddaughter loves this entire set. Full on wonderful for her, and yes if they came out with Grandpa with a sister I would buy both sets, throw the older brother away and give her the rest so maybe their not idiots, just soulless vampires.
Amazon.com sent wrong size: Amazon.com sent the wrong size engine oil cooler than what I ordered. Rather than sending it back I made due but it didn't work out like I wanted it to because the cooler was wider than what I originally ordered.
One of the best of the Marco Polo Josef Strauss series.: This is one of the best of Marco Polo’s Josef Strauss Edition. Mika Eichenholf allows to quick polkas to gallop fleetly, the march has plenty of swagger, the polkas mazur have poise, and there is a lilt and a joy in the waltzes that make you welcome rather than dread the many repeats. Josef Strauss often succeeded in creating dances in the minor key, but there are none of them here. What is here is his last composition, the “Hesperus-Bahnen Waltz”, published as Op 279, after the forty-three year old composer’s death.
Janet, is the Best female singer!: I watched The Velvet rope tour on HBO and it was the bomb, it was the greatest tour that I have ever seen, everything was choreographed pefectly, the music was slammin and Janet really communicated with her fans. When she sang "I get Lonely", "Nasty" and "You", it sent me Crazy. I love you Janet!
Another Great Addition To The Buddy Holl(e)y Story!: If you are a totally out of control Buddy Holly fan (like I am), then this book is a "must have" for your library! It adds a great deal of information about Buddy and his performances in England and is well written and researched with some great bibliographic information!
Captivating: Very simply, I was unable to put this book down. Not unlike some of the other reviewers I too was on my way to Boston on business whilst reading this "glued to my seat" book. For the first time, I can say that I was pleased for all the flight delays as I managed to finish reading this book on route. I am an avid reader and can say without reservation that Rapid Descent was easily as good as any of the books being written by some of the better known authors, such as Crichton, Grisham, Cook etc to name a few of my favorites. Well Done Dr. Jack when's the next one.....
Sure she's a little annoying... BUT.: Yes, by reading every review we all know by now that Sheri is a wee bit annoying, and her "participants" are an interesting sort of people, AND YES it did put my husband in a coma like trance everytime we watched it. BUT everything in this DVD is so valuable! I learned everything I needed to know through this DVD without taking more time off work to go to classes. And since it was always available to me by the touch of a button I was able to review the important things while I was acually in labor. I had to kill time waiting for my contractions to be 5 mins apart before we went to the hospital, so I popped in the DVD, and trust me my husband was no longer in a trance, he was taking notes! This was my first child and thanks to Sheri my labor was only 12 hour and I only pushed for 20 mins, 3 good ones and he was out! I think doing what Sheri says and waiting till your dialated 5 cm before you get an epideral was really key.
Great Information: My husband and I got more out of this than the free classes the hospital nurses give. We've been able to watch it over for things we missed. There is tons of useful information...too much to take in at once. I love having it becasue if I forget something I just re-watch that section. Its helped us become familar with the terms the nurses use and we have great information for question asking when we go to our Dr. Apts.
Good Overview and Very Informative: I really enjoyed this DVD, it provided good content at a nice pace. I highly recommend this DVD.
Superb!: When I was 5 months pregnant, I'm desperate to take Child Birth Class in order to help me have Normal Delivery. I searched over the net the best detailed class. Voila! I came accross this product on one of my searches. I never had second thoughts of ordering this product. I regularly viewed and applied all the techniques taught on DVD. It really works! I had an easy labor plus I had Normal Delivery. Superb! I recommend this DVD for those who wanted a Modern and comprehensive Child Birth Class. - Margery Bermejo (Davao City, Philippines)
Chilbirth Education Video: Great videos!!!! I'm a former labor and delivery nurse. The videos were purchased for my daughter who is expecting her first child this summer. The videos were extrememly ionformative and great fun to watch! They helped my daughter prepare for her first labor and delivery experience. They also helped review and update me on current L and D practices. Thanks for a wonderful product!
TH E MOST ANNOYING WOMAN ON EARTH: I'm sure this woman has lots of valuable info to impart, but we could barely watch this DVD. Sheri Bayles is sooo annoying and unfunny that we fast forwarded through the whole thing, trying to cling on to pieces of important information. Even the people taking the class seem embarassed for her. Avoid this DVD unless you think you can look past a nurse who thinks she's a stand up comedian. I wish I had another to suggest.
GO FOR IT!: This tape is simply fun and informative. I am not even pregnant or expecting to have to conceive anytime soon but I had to watch this. (I'm a woman, why not?) The lady is so corky and yet serious enough to have you practically writing notes like your in a college. I would recommend this video to anyone interested in REALLY learning about childbirth. She explains everything. How your body should be functioning, what is stretching, what liquids to look for as signs of this and that, charts of how the baby is actually sitting and how exactly it's growing and she even quizzes the husbands! There is so much to learn. Open a bag of kettle corn and grab a pillow though, it's like four or five hours long. PHEW. But it probably wouldn't be best to watch it all in one sitting anyway. It is a lot of information to grasp. Enjoy!!
LOVED this video!: After I bought this DVD, I watched it about 8 times on my own and with my husband before our son was born. We both laughed at Sheri's mannerisms but really loved all we learned from her. We both felt more prepared, even though we weren't able to attend birthing classes.
RECOMMEND!: I was going for a med-free birth...not for any reason other than I wanted to because my mom did it with my sisters and I and I figured I could do it as well. It's what our bodies are meant to do, right? Well, this DVD was great! It saved me from paying over $100 for a lamaze class and I felt the stuff she touched on for the lamaze section was perfect. I did not have a doula or a midwife...just my husband, an awesome nurse and this DVD. I enjoyed being able to watch it in the comfort of my own home and go back to certain parts to rewatch. It's a bit OUTDATED, and CHEESY, but overall very honest and good. Worked for me. If anything, its worht the few $$ for reference AFTER a birthing class. (I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5, b/c they should really look into updating it soon).
Couldn't finish watching: Thank goodness I borrowed this from the public library and didn't waste my money. My husband and I did attend live classes, but wanted a refresher before the big event. While the information is consistent with what we've learned from other professionals - the presenter is terribly annoying. Although we wanted the information, the jokes were so unbearable we had to stop watching. If you can deal with the presenter's sense of humor, you'll benefit from the information - good luck!
very informative: Laugh and Learn About Childbirthexcellent information, and humorous all at the same time !!!
Poignant & Intelligent -- give this one a listen!: Ron's playful and probing musicality emerges in this album with the no-holds-barred clairvoyance I came to expect after he wrote and performed two film scores for me. I find him to be a certifiable, bonafide talent -- one of life's genuine little treasures secreted away in the mountains of Montana. In a way I am [selfishly] sorry to hear his album is realizing such widespread success -- I was kind of hoping to keep him all to myself.
Exquisitely fresh, jazzy & melodius, crisp & classy!: Mysterious jazz that rolls into the imaginary worlds of a Native American dance, a smokey Nashville nightclub, a cruise with the whales...hints of Paul Consort with a crisp and haunting classical foundation, a journey through the 20th Century...and back again into the lonely Montana night where Ron strolls with star gazing abandon.
At least it's free: I guess the best part of getting this was that it was totally free.No wonder why it's free, though...
Yardbirds: Very informative and fun to listen to for someone of my generation. I had heard bits and pieces of the Yardbirds story, but never the complete picture.
One of my favorites...: ...with two of my favorite actors: Mark Harmon and the lovely Madeline Stowe.I caught this on cable back in the early 90's. I had a big crush on Madeline Stowe, since seeing her in "Revenge". So I decided to check this out...and I was not disappointed.Definitely not a general classic, but I love this film. With less-capable and less-likeable actors, this film would (...). This is one of those rare cases where the actors elevate the material.This is one of those rainy-day, "got-nothing-else-to-do" movies.It's definitely worth a look, and the Amazon price is definitely right. Give it a shot. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Nice French farce, similar to 'un elephant': Showed this film to my French class, and it was a hit. The same actors as in Jean de Florette, but about 20 years later. Thoroughly enjoyable.
Daniel Auteuil is fabulous: I've been a fan of Daniel Auteuil for some time and look forward to each new movie. This one is very funny and entertaining.
This book is AWEFUL: I read this book 3-4 years ago. It's still makes me highly agitated every time I think about it. You just feel bad for the main character through most of the book and there is no redemption at the end. It has the worst ending ever! It still pisses me off that I spent the time reading it. There isn't really much of a story, just a lot of details and weird issues. There are too many tangents and the protagonist is the only character with ANY sort of common sense. ASIDE: DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE SENSITIVE TO RAPE! That should be on the back cover or in a disclaimer somewhere. Not Recommended.
Captivating and Engrossing: When I first picked up this book (some 8 years ago) I was initially put off by the thickness of it. But once I started reading I was totally hooked.The strong, self-assured and intellegent female character was truely refreshing. I have given this book to my sisters and to several friends. And whenever I get into a discussion about 'good books' this is one of the books I bring up and strongly encourage every I know to read.Today I have come to shop for this book so that I might send it to a pen-pal in West Africa. He wants me to send him books that will assist him in speaking better english. And this was the first book I thouht to send him. Well that and a dictionary.Thanks to Jean Auel for writing such a great novel.
Absolutely Breathtaking!!!!!!!!!!!: I first read Clan of the Cave Bear when I was prompted by my mom.I thought "another one of your lousy stories" I read the first page and I was enthralled!! I simply could not take my eyes off the page!!I am a 12-year-old living in Kars,Ontario,and I reccommend this book to EVERYONE!!!!!!!Nobody writes like Jean M. Not ever.This book made me laugh,as well as cry. I have read all of her books,and am eagerly awaiting her 5th book.I love this book! I would give it 10000000 stars,if possible. If anyone dares to insult her work in my presence.......
one of the best series EVER!!!: When my dad first gave me this book to read, it had the orignal cover, and was sort of deteriorating, and I had a feeling that I woudln't really like it. That was definitely NOT what happened! Ayla is a very inspirational character, and it's hard to put the book down once you start it. Unfortunetaly I was on vacation when I started it, so I had to stop reading, but I would have read it in a day! I quickly bought the other books in the series and read, each one better than the next, although the Clan of the Cave Bear was ultimatly the best one. I'd recommend the series to someone over the age of 13. It would be hard to follow if you were younger, and some parts are inappropriate, especially in the following books. This was one of my favorite books, and be warned: once you start, its so hard to stop!
Giants Mats: The blue portion of the mats was a different blue. It looked more like a navy blue which I found very disappointing because that's like having a pair of bootleg mats.
Exactly what I ordered: Product arrived on time, in great condition. As usual, Amazon provided a vehicle to acquire a product that I wanted.
Touching: Beautiful film, excellent acting. The story transports you to other worlds to experience the full gamut of emotions. These are real people with real issues, another example of life being stranger than fiction, as portrayed in a film. Hope there's a Part II. :)
One of the best foreign language films: For once, a film coming from a north european country that is neither unhealthy nor perverse.Suzanne Bier is a wonderful director as she proved in two of my favorite films "Things we lost in the fire" and "Brothers".
Wonderfully emotional.: Great story line. The pacing of the plot was well thought out (sometimes rather predictable) but the actors really brought a sense of honesty.
The remix is different: I own this album in the original vinyl and a earlier CD release. I am always a sucker for a remaster, so decided what the heck. I chose poorly - the remixes just don't sound right. For all I know, this 2006 version was the original intent, I hope not.
Why the remix?: If a music company wants to remix an old album they should put it on a second disc like Pearl Jam did with their recent re-release of 10, not replace the original album mix like Mushroom is doing here. This new remix is not as good as the original versions of these songs. Wish they would remaster the original mix and issue it.
Art and Passion...but no Science: A series of short vignettes about fencing, none detailed enough to impart and real knowledge. A definite lack of technical instruction on fencing. Not sure who this video would be useful for...certainly not a beginner trying to learn about the technical aspects of the sport.
No illustrations: The Kindle version has no illustrations, and the formatting makes it hard to read and enjoy the verses. The limericks appear without logical line shifts, and where the illustration is supposed to be, it just says [illustration] which is a lot more annoying than not having anything there at all.It's free, but it's hard to read and that kind of takes the fun out of it, at least for me.
No drawings!: I love love loved Edward Lear but unfortunately this free copy doesn't have the marvelous drawings. It would be better to get another edition of this wonderful book, one that is illustrated.
what hard rock is all about: Cut the crap! it's motorhead, it's rock n' roll, loud, dirty, agressive, but also a singalong album.By far, my favourite Motorhead album, actually the only one that still survives in my collection nowadays.many eternal hard rock classics that must be listened by every metal, hard rock, stoner fan of the XXI century.check out Overkill, stay clean, no class, i'll be your sister, metropolis.
Thuvia maid of mars: Typical ERB Mars series, which I find light reading. Not too much depth or thought provoking, but nice escape from everyday.
Old-School Bore Metal: This album offers nothing new or exciting to the genre of metal. This is reminiscent of mediocre late 80's trash metal, with all songs sounding the same. Mid-paced tempos and simplistic solos abound, with moronic wayyyyy-out-of-date pretend-satanic lyrics and cartoony cover art. Just dumb, dumb, dumb. Want real thrash metal, aside from the Big Four? Try Coroner, Arch Enemy, Arsis, The Crown, the Haunted, Hypocrisy, and a ton of others that poop all over this album from miles above.
Only works with Microsoft e-mail clients: If you are security minded and choose to use an e-mail client like Thunderbird or the bundled Opera e-mail client this program will NOT protect you! Not only that, but the fact that CA Anti-virus will ONLY work with MS Outlook or Outlook Express is not revealed in any documentation. I found this out the hard way when a manual scan found a virus in my Opera mail folder and couldn't clean or quarantine it! The CA tech confirmed that the AV program only works with MS e-mail clients. To me this is false advertising!!!
A new beginning...: This was their first true recording project, although it was thier second full album. I give this album four stars, because, though I love this album and this band, Five stars would mean it's an album that stands next to Physical Graffitti, the White Album, and a select few other records. This album is a must own for fans who enjoy any of the splinter disciplines of what Sabbath, Hendrix, and Zeppelin started. An album worth the money, with many great songs and performances. If there are any criticisms, one would be the production. It leaves some room for improvement. Beyond that, I hope this band can continue to build upon this awesome release for years to come. Purchas and enjoy!
Do not order from Ritz Camera - wrong item: Do not order this item and expect to get what you see. I ordered the Super High Speed card (RPSDH01GU1A) and what I got was a low quality High Speed card (RPSDK01GU1A). Seems to be some kind of a scam that Ritz is running with Amazon's blessing. Buyer beware. This has happened to me before when you order from one of Amazon's partners, and Amazon will do nothing to help you.
It's an ad.: This book is nothing more than a 160 page ad for Stauber's school/store in CakeEater, MN. There is no "How To" advise in this book.
A Jesse Stuart Harvest: My opinion of it: A Jesse Stuart Harvest is a collection of stories by Jesse Stuart. All the stories bring out his personality and the talking of the Old West. This book also has an introduction that narrates the life of the author, Jesse Stuart.I think this book is really good because it takes you on a trip through time and into a world of adventure. My favorite story was Snake Teeth because it has a lot of cliffhangers and adventure. I would recommend this book for 9 yrs.-adults because normally after 9 years of age you will understand the dialect in this book.
Flyboys: Here is another example of Hollywood going wrong. The history that is implicated in the events portrayed in this movie is not all that tough to get right. Nevertheless, the film makers got a few details correct, but then added improbable special effects, far too many triplanes, annoying social lesson stereotypes, and a host of ridiculous story twists and time wasting baggage. Conceptually, the movie should have been a winner. In execution, it is a disappointment. They ruined a potentially good story. Instead of buying this movie, I would suggest the Blue Max as the aerial scenes are far better, or just propose that the would-be viewer read a history book.As a parting comment, however, I always have liked Jean Reno. He is the good part of this film.
World War I aviation visited: I have enjoyed watching "Flyboys" several times. The special effects are outstanding and very lifelike. One of the features that I really enjoyed was watching the bonus features at the end. I noticed that one of the people interviewed was from Colorado and as a result I went to his museum and checked out versions of some of the planes represented in the movie.I find the investment in time and money for this feature was well worth it.
fly boys: i haven't watched this movie. it was purchased for a christmas present. i heard about this movie on american family radio and they gave it wonderfuly reviews. my brother is ex-military and loves these types of movie. since afr gave them a wonderful review, i thought this would be something that he would enjoy.
Sappy and Stupid: This is a very bad movie. Bad music, bad acting, bad special effects. A slow and predictable plot line. Glad we borrowed it and didn't buy this one!
This CD Rulez: I think that this is one of the best CD's ever. I really like the song "Gravity" and "Next Time". Those are the best songs on the CD. Everone should get this CD. It is a must.
"Souless Pop?" Not here: When I was sick a few weeks ago my brother bought me this cd. Just one spin and I was hooked. What a pleasent surprise! I was expecting heartless trash with the "lou pearlman" sound to it. (remember o-town??" This cd is definatly nothing like that. The main singer (Guthrie) wrote most of the songs himself. Along with the fact the group does not do choreographed dancing. (Is it me or is anybody else sick of that??) The ratings are out of a scale of 1-4Ohh its kinda crazy- 3 1/2No one does it better- 4 (great harmonies)I don't need anyone- 3Feelin' You- 3 1/2Faded- 4 (everyones fav; wassup sarah?)Lets do it right- 3Only in my mind- 3.5Stay- 4Baby come back- 3Gravity- 2.5Next Time- 4*In memory of Michael Cuccione of 2gether 1985-2001*
Thank God: I thank God for the writer of this book. This book explains new insight on Jesus' parables, taking in consideration of the Lord's geographical location and culture.It took me a while to read this book. Why? Because this is the type of book that you may want to meditate after reading it. Its not something that you read and let bygones be bygons.This book particularly focuses on what our actions should be as Jesus' followers. It addresses issues like greed or Me-society that we often ignore. I'd like to stress out that Jesus pointed everything plainly for us. This book only reminds us to go back and look deeper within ourselves and question if God is really what motivates us in everything we do.I love this book and will give it to friends I know. Please pray for me so I can share it to others as well, and also put the Jesus' words into action.Thank God.
getting tired of the cliche: Just another one of those movies. A bunch of young kids travelling somewhere and get cut up into pieces because some psycho wants their organs. Neither scary nor educational(Tommy, you are taking Anatomy 101, and believe me, this movie doesn't help you pass that class!). Many scenes are too dark to tell what happened. Hear someone scream and some light streakes across the screen, and the next thing you know, someone has dropped. It is okay to see it for free, but not worth it when you pay for the ticket.
shameful ripoff: even in the hour plus ''build-up/charactor developement''.i guess talky,anti american ''horror'' movies is the latest trend.i was watching the talky trailer on my computer and got sleepy.
Great movie, horrible DVD!: Buena Vista (the company that releases Disney films on DVD) chose to not release anamorphic DVDs when they first came to DVD, so none of these films are anamorphically enhanced. This means, if you have a widescreen television, you will have black bars on all four sides of the picture. Also, these discs are absolutely barebones, only featuring a Dolby 2.0 soundtrack and a 1.85:1 widescreen presentation. Where are the extras?! I don't know about you guys, but I am a Mighty Duck fan who is disappointed by the DVD release of this film.
How STUPED can you GET!: I'll tell you how stuped you can get, this movie is how stuped you can get. This is one of the STUPEDEST movie I have ever seen and trust me I've seen alot of movies.The whole movie is dumb exspecailly the actors.I recamend you not see this movie actshoally I more than recamend you I BEG you not to see this movie But if you incest to I recamend you borrow it from a friend your if you can't, rent it at the cheapest place you no before wasting your money on buying it. But if I were you I won't wast my money at all.
Mighty Ducks rulz: This is a fun movie for children. My sons watched this too many times when they were 4-6 years old and I am convinced this had a significant impact on them learning to love the game of hockey. I know that sounds corny but it is true. My oldest is now playing hockey in college and my younger son is playing in high school & club. Good clean movie. I bought these two copies for two friends of mine who have younger sons interested in the game. Hopefully it will impact them like it did ours. GO DUCKS!
What's this?...: When i first heard his single "One Wish" i thought this is a good tune, but then he got to the second verse, i thought eh? This guy cant sing! later on his album came along, his vocals destroy his tracks, literally. Comparing him to other artists such as Mario or 112, you'll realize that he can't sing, full stop. Disappointing.
raydiation: Thank God he stopped rapping, but now this album sucks too! Glad it was free. He's reppin' Cali too- oh hell no! The crazy thing is he tried working with some new and other producers like R. Kelly and Timberland and they did him wrong! There are only three tight songs numbers 3, 4 and 5, all were produced by Rodney Jerkins, he can't be his sister though, this album proves Ray J just ain't got it, maybe he could if he had just stuck with using Rodney Jerkins. But the beats are not supposed to make you tight, your supposed to make that beat what it is and more.
WELL DONE RAY J.: This is a good come-back from the 'This Aint A Game' album, that album was good wit songs like 'wait a minute', 'where do we go from here', 'wet me' and 'formal invite',etc. However, this album is even better. You can tell that he has grown up on this album. I think he is making a name for himself in the music business, and wont just be known as Brandy's kid brother. My fav tracks on this album are: 'Exotic' - love this song 2 bits cant get enough of it. 'In tha Mood', 'Anytime', 'One Wish', 'What I Need' and the crunk track 'Keep Sweatin'. However, there are a few dodgy tracks on there like 'Quit Actin' - i was excited when i saw R. Kelly was on there bt was sadly disappointed when i heard it. 'The War Is Over' - i liked the last duet they did 'another day in paradise' bt after hearing this song they should have stopped then. However, overall its a good album ... WELL DONE RAY J.
Stew: Well I am.... I have to say in all honesty.... A true Magnum fan, In the past I followed them all the way to see them perform live and at there very best, which was in my own personal opinion...All the time ! Vigilante is certainly one of Magnum`s finest example`s of good solid heavy rock on any one given Cd ! "Need a lot of Love" is one of there finest along with "Vigilante" of coarse ! And there is also track`s like "Lonely Night" and "Midnight" on there too ! I personally have all Magnum`s Cd`s as I`m so into there genre of music and culture ! I Simply could`nt be without ! But if you like a bit of Live in concert Magnum then i recomend that You get you`re hand`s on Magnum`s "Live" cd !
don't waste your money: I love historical novels, and that's what I thought this book was, with the added bonus of naughtiness. What I got was a book with stories (I read 3 of them before I gave up)that had to be written by horney 13 year olds. This single purchase has me rethinking my loyalty to Amazon.
Brilliant reinvention: Bayard is a startlingly fine writer who has made a number of smart decisions with this novel. It's not a sequel to A Christmas Carol, as some readers assume. It's a great thriller that makes just the right use of its source material, slyly dropping in details that are a delight if you know your Dickens, but in no way detract if you're just reading it as a tightly contructed historical thriller.Remarkable. Definitely a writer to watch.
Contrived -- SPOILER ALERT: This book is the continuation of the story of Tiny Tim but as an adult. The part where we see who Tim really is, as opposed to who Tim's parents wanted him to be, was by far the best part of the book. The "mystery" though was just silly; there is no way that someone in England at that time when confronted with a child rapist wouldn't have murdered him on the spot. And Tim not doing so went completely against who the author had developed as Tim's true nature. There were actions such as this one throughout the book that seemed obviously placed in order to drive the plot forward. Exasperating and annoying.
Too bad it's boring: The concept was good (and it certainly worked in Bayard's Poe novel). But after a half dozen chapters, I still couldn't care less about Tim. The prose tended towards the pedantic and the supporting characters were flat.
carnivale: Wow the whole show was entertaining. It felt like you were in heaven just dancing to the beats along with Ricky, the dancers and the band. The whole concert was great and really entertaining, it felt so much like Carnivale.
Once again, a great book chopped up like onions.: At a wimpy 85 minutes, so much is left out that unless you've read the book, a lot of what is happening probably won't make any sense.Avoid the movie, but definitely read the book by my favorite author Douglas Kennedy
Dissapointing after Into Thin Air and The Climb: After being nearly obsessed with Into Thin Air and The Climb, I eagerly awaited the latest book from Lene (I also lived in and speak Danish -- an added bonus). However, I found Lene's chronicle pretty weak, with little background or insight in the writing. This book was written more like a journal without analysis and should have been billed as such. For gaining insight into the state of mind for Lene, it was interesting. For better writing and deeper analysis about the 96 tragedy, stick to the other 2 books.
Don't bother!: This book is a total waste of time to read. I couldn't wait to read it when I saw it on Amazon.com. But lucky for me I happen to see it at the library and hurried home to read it. Gammelgaard is so into herself it makes me sick. To think that she thinks Scott Fischer needed to have her on his team in order for the expedition to make it is unreal. She will never be in the same league as true mountaineers like Fischer or Rob Hall. Save your money on this one. I have read almost everything about Mount Everest, and the 1996 tragedy, and this is by far the worst. It will never compare with "Into Thin Air" or "The Climb". Also she has a style of writing that I have never seen before. She jumps from one thing to another, but I can guarantee you it will always be about herself, and how strong and great she is.
This is not a book about climbing Mt. Everest...: ...it's about being "proud of being the first Danish woman to do so" - this sentence is the whole content of the book. The most dramatic climbing season on the tallest mountain on the planet is nothing but a mere background to the great self esteem drama Gammelgaard is going thru (and sharing with us - in lots of details). Krakauer and Boukreev run circles around this lady, definitely NOT recommended
Best Show Around: Even if you don't like this programme (how could you not???), it's worth buying simply to watch George Eads the whole way through. He's so hot. The combination of a good cast and interesting (if not often creepy) storylines, keeps me watching this show each and every week and I could watch all of these episodes over and over. Go out and buy this now. It will get you hooked.
cj: It has a robust taste and a good topping to macaroni. Good addition for a quick nutritional meal. It does resemble a cheddar cheese flavor without the salty taste.
This is a great game for rookies, champs, and bored kids!: This game is fun, exciting, and easy to learn how to play. I got this for Christmas last year, and I still love to play. Trust me, I have a very short attention span and a complex mind and found this game great.Pros:*cool monsters to raise*tournaments to win*many secret breeds to unlock*many tasks to accomplish*lots of monsters to pick from*challenging for pro gamers*enjoyable for untalented gamers*rules aren't confusing*good graphicsCons:*people talk a lot*monsters only have 4-5 year life spansThis game is varied so that a variety of people can enjoy. At first it is Ahhh,uhhh, okay. Then once you understand, it becomes great fun.I had this game in fifth grade and my friend and I shared so much laughter and good memories. This is a good game for anyone, so try it.
From the biggest CULT of all!: So someone from the biggest CULT of all, Christianity, makes the usual errors about alternative spiritual paths he knows nothing about. Pure ignorance and bigotry!Evangelical Christianity had done far more damage than the New Age ever could, by sowing seeds of discord and division. Their fear-based dogma keeps them blinded to the Light that is in others.Their own book says GOD IS LOVE.Therefore, where Love is, God is.Where God is, Love is.That's what the New Age is really all about. It's that simple.But many Christians miss the boat. They are stuck in FEAR.Perfect love casts out fear, right?Didn't Jesus say to LOVE God and LOVE your neighbor?Why, then, do so many Christians stay stuck in FEAR?Why do they feel they must attack the spirituality of others? Why not just offer their own spirituality in LOVE to those who choose it, and respect the rights of others to follow the spiritual path of their choice?
Pro?! Huh?: Not detail in explaining conceptsToo few numerical examplesContent far too simple to be a desktop ref. in the dealing rm.Poor editing and formatting90% similar to the earlier edition.
Good, but not great: When I first heard this album I loved it. After listening to it more closely, I still like it a lot, but am not quite so blown away by it. When it first came out, it might have been groundbreaking, but so much has happened since in the world of technical/avant-garde metal, that much of this album now sounds a little tame. The material hasn't aged very well. There are a couple of truly great songs in the middle-- all of the others are definitely good, just not mind-blowing (as some of the material on their older albums still is). The new vocalist on this album added a new dimension to the band-- a great improvement over Snake, in my opinion. If you want a truly great album, though, get their next, "Phobos."
I gave it a try...: Sorry... I gave this album a few spins but I still can't think of a one good thing to say about it. Except maybe that it will probably be the weirdest thing you'll ever hear... can't say it's not original, but in this case that's not necessairly a good thing. If you're not familiar with this band, this probably wouldn't be the best album to start with.
Does not work on Windows XP!: Beware. This game does not work with Windows XP. The vendor said that it would work on any XP Version except Media-Center, but I have XP Pro and it crashes there despite changing compatibility settings to older versions and changing the video resolution. I suspect that it's like another game we purchased that worked fine when XP first came out, but Windows Auto Update changed something that destroyed compatibility with old Win 98 games like this.We have it up and running on an 11 year old laptop with Win 98 , but it's too CPU intensive to run properly on that old thing.The game seems OK for the right PC and operating system though...
if you love cats,get this!!: I have had this book for awhile,now,and the only thiong I dont care for are the colored charts...I just cant do them,as a LOT of people cant,especially the older we get. I have a ginger tabby named Sassy who looks just like the cat on the cover...she is draped over a sofa....having that piece will forever remind me of her after she is no longer here to drape over the couch.....You wont be disappointed if you can get by the colored charts. In fact I gave it 4 stars because of the colored charts....
terrible: Unable to use on my television. Advertisement didn't advise me that it needed a special television to play this game.
"Hope" may be a wrong concept.: I wonder, does a person have be seriously ill to write such a powerful book like Orwell did... He had no hope and he imagined all world in his situation. That's very interesting
A timeless classic that's an unforgettable must-read.: This is the timeless classic which the term "Orwellian" and"Big Brother" are derived. This terrifying look into apossible future in which the Government "Big Brother" holdstotal control over the populace. Orwell's vision of thefuture still holds very true to this day and is a must-readfor anyone concerned about the future of technology andgovernmental control.-Hans Chen
1984: Orwell's futuristic 1984 was a pleasure to read. The detailed symbolism of the antique paper weight crashing onto floor as policemen bombarded in to arrest Winston and Julia. The paper weight symbolizes the end of Winston and Julia's private and secure existence, which allow them to be safe with each other. They found refuge in the small apartment where they could be themselves without "Big Brother" watching their every move, it's ironic the government was still able to scrutinize every moment of their lives. I enjoyed reading this novel. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Orwell.
1984: 1984 over all is a very boring book. Their are parts in the book that catch your attention but just for a while and then it just gets boring again. I don't really like futuristic based books and the book 1984 is a perfect example why. I wouldn't recommend this book to any one, unless your into this type of genre. I give this book 1*.
Not a helpful history book AT ALL: I was doing a research paper on the year 1984, and according to my teacher, NONE of this actually happened.I got a flippin' F.Last time I ever read a history book by this Orwell scrub.He doesn't know a thing about the 80s.Not ONCE did he mention Def Leppard or Karma Chameleon.I gave my copy to a donkey.He said it was about communism.Ass.
TEACHERS??: I was so upset to learn that this is no longer required reading in advanced English in high school. I ordered it for my son, because no one can be considered well read without this in one's history.
If you haven't read it, you owe it to yourself: I just read this for the first time at 28. Wow, what an eye opener. The things Orwell predicted in 1984, such as the technology, is amazing considering how long ago it was written. The politics are messed up by current standards, but frighteningly possible. The tense mood of the book draws you in, and there are moments (especially near the end) that would be truly terrifying to experience. The chapter with "Room 101" I read with a shudder.The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it bogs down a few times. I understand that this is to explain the world and how such a horrific existence came to be, but a slow start to any book is rather annoying.
Scary!: George Orwell's prophetic words are coming to pass right before my eyes; You'd see it too, if you got off the TV and started paying attention to politicians and the laws they're passing.I hope there is a revolution of some sort before this grim forecast is played out to the end.
disturbing and relevant: I'm surprised that Noam Chomsky hasn't been mentioned in any of the 299 previous reviews. Nineteen Eighty-Four is not just a supreme work of art: it is politically relevant, because the phenomena identified by Orwell (doublethink, newspeak, etc.) are, in various forms, actively used today in even the freest societies. Chomsky gives very detailed descriptions of this. "I've repeatedly found," he says, "that when the audience is mostly poor and less educated, I can skip lots of the background ... because it's already obvious and taken for granted by everyone." Curious?
The greatest work of the 20th Century: What can one say about this book that has not been said before...it is one of the most powerful works one can ever read, which is forever fresh and remains relevant no matter what era it is read in.
Orwel Rolls in His Grave: This book is incredible. So he wrote this book in like 1950's I believe? and hes writing about 1984.. about the future.. and he was right.. he does an amazing job writing about how the government controls the people.. about how the government uses propaganda, how the government watches the people, listens to the people.. this book is good if you care about the world. this book is good if you are aware of propaganda and how people are fooled by it. this book is good if you are someone who doesn't want to be controlled or fooled.kindof like the way we are today sadly..
A Thoughtful Read: Though the novel does drag when you read tracts from the conspiracy's manual, I found the novel to be rather enjoyable. The idea of how the world would be shaped and for what reasons was interesting, and the narrator was able to lead the reader into the world and allow the reader to be engulfed into things.The end was well done, and it was a good closure to the work. The character does not die, but he is changed. Indeed, he awakens to thye doctrine of the state and accepts it. Yeah, he has been tortured and brainwashed, but he does not give in under that torture, though seeds are definitely laid.If you have the time and you like depressing books about totalitarian states that try to stamp out individual thought and reason, go ahead and pick this book up. If you want something lighter though, I would try to find something else.
The title should be revised to say 2004!: With the advancement of Homeland Security here in the United States we are beginning to see the onset of a true big brother. The number of agencies FBI, CIA, INS, and other alphabet soup organizations are now cross matching databases. They are gathering information from local municipalities and those that are in the system, better not have anything to hide.September 11th accelerated the path that we were already on. I hope that some sanity is also metered out in the process.After being a futures author, investor, and broker for the past 11 years, one of the glaring points in the book is how statistical data is constantly being modified and rewritten to serve who will benefit from the moment. I just hope that these "mistakes, misquotes, and misinformed" changes never occur in such a draconian fashion.Great book. Everyone should have a copy on their shelves.
George had a good idea but the book really stunk.: At first I did like the book. Then it just started to suck right around the time when Winston was getting sexually involved with his girl friend. I hated the book so much that I forgot her name. The first hundred or so pages i liked, then it just got really boring. So II highly reccomend that you DO NOT READ THIS BOOK. And please for the love of God don't read that "Brave New World" book by Hoxley. It is twice as worse as 1984. To put it bluntly, DON'T READ ANY GEORGE ORWELL. Your just waisting your time.
two plus two makes FOUR!!!!: George Orwell imagined the future in a dull state where every single thought, emotion and action would be monitored by the government.1984 tells the story of Winston living in a socialist country, feeling depressed and then deciding to rebel.Orwell is able to convey the helplessness of Winston as well as his routine by use of short snappy sentences. However, as the plot thickens Orwell extends the sentences conveying Winton's hope and rebellion.1984 is truly captivating and rather depressing. As I read I saw everything in my mind as grey and broken but I couldn't put this book down.
A Very Interesting Read: At first this book was not a book that I wanted to read, It was assigned to me as an English project I.S.U (Independent Study Unit) so like every kid in high school I started to dread it. As I started to read though, the story started to get better and better. There were points where I just wanted to continue reading and not put it down. The story is very well written, it gives you a very good idea as to what a Dystopian world could potentially look like. Although at the beginning it does start out very slow, it is a very good read.If you read this book and enjoyed it, also take a look at "Brave New World" by Aldous Huxley. It is quite similar to "1984"
Let's not pat ourselves on the back that this didn't happen.: I had 1984 ruined for me because I was FORCED to read it for school. Looking back, it is a truly great book. Like many of the enduring works of Science Fiction, its lasting popularity rests in the powerful archetpyes and metaphors it tapps into. Big Brother, The Two-Minutes Hate, Room 101 are all here. What's scary is how some of this seems to be coming true - but Big Brother isn't so much the government as it is Corporations. Just try getting away from a viewscreen nowadays. Also, we watch the TV, but the TV also watches US. Advertisers, the Internet, and MTV control us more thoroughly than the Government could ever hope to espire to. Instead of telling us "We are at war with East Asia. We have ALWAYS been at war with East Asia!" they tell us what our values are, what music we listen to, what movies we watch, etc. "We listen to Britney Spears! We have ALWAYS listened to Britney Spears." Orwell would've been so proud.
Boring and depressingly morbid at the same time...: OK, maybe Mr. Orwell intended it to be this way, but it still doesn't hide the fact that this book moves incredibly slow compared to the author's other works. I read this book because I remember thoroughly enjoying and understanding Animal Farm years ago, and this work was recommended by several of my friends. If you want an unrealistic view of a future that is totally morbid and depressing, check this out. Yes, this is science fiction, and just because some people call it a classic doesn't mean I like it. If you want some of the best in this genre, I recommend 'Dune', by Frank Herbert, '2001: A Space Odyssey', by Arthur C. Clarke, or 'Enders Game', by Orson Scott Card.
1984: I thought it was a very dull and cheesy book. Every time I picked it up, I fell asleep. I had to read it for school, and it took forever to get here when I ordered it. Barely finished it in time.
masterpiece: I read this book for the first time in high school and found it mildly interesting. I read it again recently and realized what an incredible piece of genius it really is. The other thing I realized is that this book makes perfect sense as a satire of Christianity. Big Brother. Thought crimes. Room 101. It fits perfectly. Of course, whether that was Orwell's intent I don't know (though he was an atheist), but I think the book is a masterpiece if analyzed in that way. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope
1984 as true today as in 1948: For those of you who wrote that this novel does not make sense as a vision of the future, and could never happen, I would just ask you to look at Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union from a historical perspective. But, then again, there are 2 billion people in China who can not speak there mind without fear of being arrested and the government has control over how many children they can have. Thank god you live in a country where you can be free to read this novel. The themes are as true today as when Orwell wrote them. The governments desire to control what people will think (See Clinton). Mans inhumanity to man (See Serbs and Kosovo). Children please read the newspaper once and a while.
I thought the book was great.: I thought the book was good to read. It gave me an idea of how the world really could be if it wanted to. I enjoyed reading it. I kept me in suspence.
When Already?: Like others here, I'm wondering if the final seasons of one of the most durable, laugh-out-loud sit-coms of all timewill ever be released. I bought Season 1 for a song when Borders went out of business,expecting a series I loved at the time to have dated badly. It hadn't.A great cast, with fine, funny writers and performed (I believe) before a live audienceI quickly caught up and, like the rest of you, have a feeling that I've pre-ordereda box-set that, inexplicably, will never be released. When already? Ever?
Might as well fan yourself with your hand and save on batteries.: I always rely on Amazon customer reviews - this is the first time I have been so completely disappointed. I had to hold the fan 10 inches from my face before I felt any circulating air, and that was with the fan on High. Due to the size and shape of the fan blades, no air comes out of the center of the fan; what little breeze there is comes out in a small stream on the sides of the fan. I won't comment on the light, since I wasn't interested it that option. Just got it, and I am sending it right back.
:\: If I could give this a negative rating I would. I guess I was unlucky. Installed batteries, light would NOT shut off. I figured I would just "break" the lights since I only needed the fan. Well before I could do that, the fan went out.
Like silky, velvet dreams: The moment I put this cd on and heard the light, lulling strum of a dreamy guitar fluttering like soft breezes that carried with them the whispered caresses of sun-kissed Gregorian chants, followed by the ocean spray of some middle eastern voice sweetly singing amidst gorgeous strings and a hypnotic beat, I knew this was going to be one journey I'd be willing to take for many years to come...and that was the impression I got from the first track alone! Imagine what ensued... It only gets better from there!Every song is aptly titled to create a spellbinding mood, and while I find this exotically soothing debut album by Black Ether (an astonishingly overlooked group) extremely hard to classify because it is so diversified in its use of instruments and styles, I'd have to say if you enjoy lush chillout music with an ethnic-world flavor to it than this is most definitely your cup of tea.
He isn't what I remember.: The CD isn't what I remember about Liberace. He was a great performer and showman. On this CD , there is very little of his solo piano music. Very little grand piano type music at all. Most of what you do get is overshadowed by the background music. I was disapointed.
Need to proof read your work: This book could be useful if the examples actually worked. I have barely reached the 50th page and all ready I have found more errors than should be allowed in an entire book. The examples are mis-quoted and several don't work. The book might be more helpful if the proof reader knew enough on the subject to correct the more obvious errors. If you buy this book be ready to experiment with the syntax which may be close but not always correct.
NOT RECOMENDED DO NOT BUY THIS WARMER: hi i bought this warmer for a vacation trip, i was really dissapointed, it wasnt even 3 minutes that i had it on for the first time and it started to get ON FIRE!!!! melted plastic all over the place smoke like crazy all around the car it is VERY UNSAFE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY DONT PUT YOUR BABY IN DANGER IF YOU HAVE THIS PLUGGED IN YOUR CAR, CUS THE WARMER MIGHT GET ON FIRE, MINE DID!!!! i hope this review helps you, i wont EVER buy this product EVER again.
Waste of money: I bought this for our first long trip with the baby. It was a waste of money and time. My baby was on pumped milk, so we couldn't just grab some hot water from a drive thru. It would have taken hours for her milk to get warm enough, and she is not that patient (neither are most babies, for that matter).
It is what is......: West-West yall! This album is good for what it is meant to be, West coast Gangsta music. It's all about lowridin, smokin chronic, kickin' it and gangbangin in the Golden State. Those who are accustomed to Down South music will probably not like some of the west coast funk. It's a different flavor for some. Me being from Cali, I love this stuff. It is rare that someone captures the essence of the west. I do agree with this not being the best album but it's still worth buying. It's got enough head-bangers to get you to the club. That's Cali-4-ya.... 3 1/2 stars
Erotic and Romantic... One of Anne's Best!: Exit to Eden is one of Anne's Best works, in my opinion. Many people were turned off by the film adaptation (why hollywood decided no one would want to see a bondage film is beyond me <eg>) but this book focuses on the relationship of Master and Slave and what happens when the tables are turned. Anne has many sides and Lestat is just one of them. True Rice Fans will adore this beautiful work of fiction.
Wonderful story coupled with steamy, erotic scenes.: This book was hard to put down. The story was excellent, and the erotic scenes were just as good. Like all of Anne's books, this one was very tastefully done. Well worth it!
Stick with Sleeping Beauty: Perhaps in it's time this book was cutting edge, but for those of us within the lifestyle, it's tame and contrived to a very unsatisfying degree. It's ironic that the film adaptation was watered down even more, and turned into one of the worst movies you're likely to see. Ann Rice didn't deserve such treatment.There are books that capture the true essence of the BDSM fanatsy that are much more engrossing, and interestingly enough, Ms Rice has written them as well. (writing as A. N. Roquelaure, see her trilogy in the Sleeping Beauty series)
Vile from the beginning: Let me start by saying that I never put down a book, even if I don't like it. This is one that I couldn't even get past the first few pages. Maybe I didn't give it a chance, but the foul language and vile event depicted in the first few pages turned me off completely to this book. I'm glad it was a free download on Kindle. I gave it two stars only because I didn't give it a chance to get better. If I hadn't deleted it, maybe I would give it another chance, but I certainly won't pay for it.
spirirt house. a boring bloody mess.: shame on me for buying it. shame on me for reading it. karen b. wisconsin
Spirit House: Read This In An Air-Conditioned Space: Reviewer: Renee S. NYC. August 13, 2008The plot is typical Noir, the hero typical world-weary and disillusioned Hammett orChandler, but the atmosphere is stunning!It was a whole new world for me and I fellcompletely into it from Vinnie's first nightmare to the final dripping conclusion.Mr. Moore's descriptions of Thailand andthe Thai people are evocative and real. Onecan feel the heat and humidity, see the swirlsand flashes of colors, and almost touch the waves of misery that radiate offthe pages. And the story's not bad either. I was interested in all the little tidbitsabout life in Bangkok - and the story's not bad either. There were a confusing numberof characters, some of whom did not advance the plot at all, and the plotting could have been tighter, but all-in-all I would definitely recommend the book. Just be sure you read it in an air-conditioned space, because otherwise you will surely melt from its heat!
I HATE THIS BOOK: I thought this was the worst book I ever read. There was no point and way to confusing. he would ramble on about stuff not even importnat to the plot! i hated reading this! stay away from this book!
Re: Is 451 degrees really the temp books burn at?: If it is, then I will imediatly torch the books to bits and pieces. The book proves one point to me: burning books and their society is much better than ours where Farenheit 451 can be published
NOT THAT GOOD: Fahrenheit 451 was a disappointing book for a reader who is not an avid science fiction lover. This book is very difficult to read. The correctors a sometimes very confusing to understand. The setting is also very hard to have a visual picture. Although the plot is very good the way that it is described is hard to understand. I think if you are a science fiction lover that you would like this book. But if you sometimes like to read science fiction you will not like this because you have to be a huge science fiction lover to like this. I also think you need to be above the 6th grade or a very advanced reader.
Start memorizing this book.: I don't give very many things five stars.Bradbury's novel is simple, powerful, beautiful, and truly marvelous.A negative utopia along the lines of Brave New World or 1984, I like this book more than either of those because it is ultimately, utterly hopeful. Bradbury is in love with a messed up world and his message comes across with an urgency and honesty that is both startling and impressive.You know the plot -- they burn books because they're scared of ideas. Montag wonders about the ideas and becomes an outcast in a sterile society. This book makes me want to change the world. And so I want you to read it. And then maybe memorize it.A quick read, and a fairly easy read. Engrossing enough that you won't want to put it down, and once you finish it, you might be tempted to just start over and read it again. I recommend doing just that.
dystopian classic: Wow, what a great book about a dystopian society, censorship, and the need of the state to keep the masses blind, deaf, and dumb. If you enjoyed "1984", "Brave New World", or "The Giver", you must read this. It is now one of my favorites!
really good: this was a good book. the part called "coca"is the best (about cencorship) the book is kind of like "the giver" only a lot better.
What a classic: To be perfectly honest, I really don't understand how this classic is rated below a 4-star by any reader. Yes I know that every reader has their own personal taste but this story is a classic for the ages. Every kid in a middle school should have to read this story about how lucky we are to be able to read books, no matter what the content or agenda the story might contain.Anyone who has never read this story should pick up a copy and start immediately. It's the best $.25 you will ever spend.
Didn't Like it!!: Confusing, disturbing, and stupid are some of the few words to use when describing this book. Firemen who start fires?? Come on. Burning every book that exists, this isn't a look into the future. It's a look into Bradbury's twisted little mind. Bottom Line.... Don't waste your time.
A book with many levels: What appears on cursory reading to be a story of banned books, with reflection is a comment on the systematic suppression of free thought and free speech. The book gives insight into how those who look the other way or are concerned with rights only as applied to them can actually further the loss of individual freedoms. A very thought provoking novel.
Fahrenheit 451: I read this book as a teenager, and I wanted my students to read it as well. Although I loved it, I did not get the same reaction as when they saw the video. However they did think the video was cheesy... :D
Great Book to read, but NOT to LISTEN to.: I have always liked this book to read so I thought I would get it on CD. Ray Bradbury reads it, and it is very bad. It was so painful to listen to his voice I had to turn it off. He reads in such a monotone voice it put me to sleep. Someone needs to re-make the CD's.
DON'T READ THIS MIND-NUMBING DRIVEL!: This book doesn't deserve one star. It deserves negative 1000 stars. This was the WORST book I have ever read. The book moved to slow, and the characters are stupid. Guy Montag, the main character, is a fireman who sets books on fire, becuase homes are fireproof. Then he meets this crazy girl nmaed Clairese who rambles about dumb stuff of the past that is not important like (Did you know that one time billboards were only 20 feet long, instead of 200) WHO CARES?!?! If there is one book that deserves to be burnt it is this.
Hardly even deserves 1 star: This is definitely one of the WORST books I have ever come across. In the modern version, there is a forword and an introduction. Both of them have nothing to do with the story, and Ray Bradbury babbles on and on about his past and how he came up with the ideas for other books that NO ONE CARES ABOUT! I almost fell asleep during the forword, I dont know how I survived the book. The book drags on and one at a painfully slow pace. As for Ray Bradbury himself, he states in the introduction that in his eyes, Hitler burning and brutally killing people is on the same level as the burning of a book. I think that this statement is pretty much self explanatory for his views on humanity. Great guy, eh?
Captivating language, needless to say amazing.: Being only a teenager, what I have to say usually means nothing, or gets no credit. I personally loved this book, reading it just a day ago. I was entirely captivated with the plot, and the idea of censorship in the future, and that it was precise that it being a book would be censored is unbelievable. What possesses any person to censor a book that is so realistic it is amazing. To actually prove to the writer that his writings are so precise is astonishing. I would recommend this to anyone. You don't need to love to read, just know how to read.
Ok: I felt the author of the book should of described the war a little more. Still I thought it had some very interesting perspectives on how the world might become.I thought it was weird how all the fireman looked the same. The mechanical hound was a great part of the story. It had us guessing if it would attack Montag or not. Over all I felt this book was well worth reading.
Excellent!!! My #1 book of all time!!!: I was actually forced to read this book for a high school english class, and fell in love with it. It's simply chilling in it's portrayal of the "future" and the deliberate ambiguity about Clarrise is very cool. The deeper themes in this book make it one completely rife with feeling. A very poignant book, it's definitely a must-read.
Very important book: This book is a very important must-read for every person living in America at this time in history. The paralells that can be drawn from the story in this novel to the "dumbing of America" that is going on today are quite unnerving, and quite scary. This book should be required reading for everyone who has ever turned on the television to escape from the world (which is just about everyone in this country).
It'll never go out of date: I was at the Foreign Language Bookstore on Yanan Road here in Hangzhou when I saw this classic on the shelf. Would you believe I'd never read it? We read some Bradbury in school about 25 or 30 years ago, and he didn't make much of an impression on me. I can't remember why. But knowing the fault could've been mine, I gave him another shot. Books are cheap here, and hey, it's famous, right?Well, folks, it's famous for a damn good reason. Many, in fact. Fifty years old, and it is perhaps more relevant than ever. But so what? Is it good writing? Does it entertain? Does it have real characters? Is it more than just an oh-so-correct theme dressed up as a novel? Oh, yes it is! It's absolutely fantastic and I just plain can't recommend it enough.If you love sci-fi, great. If not, it doesn't matter. I can say "transcends the genre" with a straight face. Yes I can. I'll be reading this one again, folks. I didn't write it and I'm just sick with jealousy about it, okay?
Bleak, Blind, and Boring.: Being forced to read it in school for its "so called"relation to censorship (sp?) I would have to say !!BURN IT!! Althoughthe book is about censorship and why/how it is wrong I can't say much good about it. The theme itself is good, but the story itself is trash. One of the most un-realistic ideas i've ever heard. First off, everyone in the country is an idiot. Second, that includes the hero. Third, even those who have minds of their own have no intellegence. And finally, way to many cracks in the foundation of the story and two many holes in the story itself.L8r.
Fahrenheit 451, Burning Up My Brain: I read Fahrenheit 451 this year, in the seventh grade, as a required reading. As I read this book, I got more and more confused. The plot twisted and turned and left me hanging wondering "wait... what happened?". Mr. Bradbury used large words that I learned as vocab. I would recommend this book to no one under the age of about 13, maybe 12. I chose this age because of the hard concepts of burning books and the fast-moving plot of the hound.
Sadly a disappointment: Perhaps it is dated. Perhaps it was just built up too much. But this is yet another book that came highly recommended, both by other 'day-to-day' readers and critics alike, that i just could not enjoy.Bradbury's tale of a world where books is banned has a powerful and interesting premise. But it does not seem to follow through for me. Which is a shame - here is a book that is about the importance of books in our lives, but it is so boring that rather than 'get something' out of it, you just come away thinking how boring it is.Or at least i did.
F 451 shows how dangerous a person's ideas are.: I enjoyed this book very much because it gives you an extreme .look towards censorship and how the media can influence the way we think. An individuals ideas and thoughts are shunned for society in general
A must read - especially for teenagers.: This is my first re-read of this book as an adult (I'm now 46). I recalled enjoying the book a lot when I first read it around the age of 17 - I recently recommended it to my daughter, age 14, and she thought it was one of the best books she ever read. My attitude now towards the subject of potential loss of freedom combined with mass culture, although much more down-to-earth than it was in my teens, is still pretty much the same: respect and appreciation of human freedom of expression. Bradbury is very clear in his fight for freedom, the extreme fictional situation he devised is now more real than ever - true we are not prohibited from keeping books (in this country anyway), but we are offered enough mass culture that most people will spend hours in front of the TV rather than reading books or visiting museums (I do that a lot too). It is hard to believe that this book was written in the 1950's.
poor reading: I bought this book on tape as read by the author. It is excruciating to listen to. Don't get this! I should have known that an actor would be a better reader than an author!!
Good: "Fahrenheit 451" is set in a time where reading books is strictly forbidden. In this world, instead of putting out fires and keeping people safe, firefighters burn entire houses containing books, and occasionally even people. One of these firefighters, Guy Montag, has doubts about the whole situation, and those doubts are strengthened when he meets a freethinking girl by the name of Clarisse McClellan. The major themes in this book include the value of intelligence and human interaction. I would suggest everyone read this book at least once, to help understand why it is important to attain knowledge and break free from ignorance. I overall liked this book, and would give it a 4/5
Explains a lot of things from the movie: The book was not so good as the movie, but the book helps understanding some points that seemed totally random when I saw it.Compared to 1984 it's miles away, but still is really nice.
Fahrenheit 451: This book is pretty good, except it is definitely very advanced. It was very confusing, especially the "TV family" which I did not understand at all. It is more of an adult book.
Fahrenheit %0ZERO0%: Fahrenheit 451 by Ray BradburyI didnt really like this book, it was all just people rambling on and on about how there life sucks, the whole worlds sucks, and burn books. I dont know how you could enjoy this book. People just talk to talk in this book. Its about a guy named montage that is a firefighter. He burns things instaed of putting fires out. He meets a wierdo girl who talks nonsense, this guy starts to think what hes doing starts reading books and gets caught. He then has to burn his books. He doesnt want to go to jail so he Runs away.
BURN THIS BOOK!: Hey A reader from MISSOURI, I hear you. This book makes no sense what so ever and i had to read it for school. I have no idesa just how in the world a book this horrible could have stayed around for 40 years!!! I have talked to everyone I know and they all read the first 5 pages and immeadiatly hated it. THey rented the movie and watched some of it so they won't have to read it, and it was verbatum, and guess what...it was even worse than the book! I do reccomend this book to all of you...well only if you want to find out how terrible books can get or you want to find out what type of flammable liquid burns better on books!
A Very Dark and Mysterious Book: I first read this book for an English assignment at school. After reading the first few pages I was completely lost. Bradbury expresses a world far different from ours which can seem scary and unrealistic. It is very easy to get caught up in all the different things that happen and it is hard to get into the mood of the plot. Definetly not the greatest book in the world. Personally, I hated the book.
I tried reading this book for my summer reading & it was bad: I am sorry this book did not make any sense and I am a straight A student. If you have a choice I wouldn't pick this one.
WASTE OF MY TIME: first of all i was assigned to read this book for a class. it started out lame. and all it did was get worse. who cares about a firefighter who burns book. now come on, i could write a book, about books,ten times better then that. maybe if the books had names and talked then maybe it would of caught my attention.
This is the lamest book I have ever read: This book really sucks. It makes no sense whatsoever and is a waste of my time. Ray should have had better things to do
Weird Weird Weird Weird!!!!!!: This book started out weird and ended up wierd and boring! The author has a good idea. We should read instead of watching TV, but if this book is one of the choices you had better turn the TV back on. I mean who in his right mind would ever write a book with 4 wall TVs, robot dogs, and burning books. And the story never really had an ending. It just stopped, I guess to end the boredom. I think the author had to get some sort of deal with all the teachers to assign this book. How else would it get on the required reading list? Maybe he gives 50% of the profits from sales. Please don't buy this book, you are supporting a lunatic.
real cranberries: I just can say i love this album for the simple reason it is the first one and never equaled in sound, elegance, quality, essence, delicate sadness and youth. It is incomparable and it deserves to be listen by good and pacient tastes in post XX century pop music.I do recomended.(...)
INTERESTING AND SAD! , BUT VERY WELL DONE!: This is very interesting film that is really five stories in one. A dead girl is found and each story is effected by this in one way or another. A great cast and honest dialogue make this one well worth your time. The film is ultimately sad and depressing, but each story is very interesting. With a cast featuring Toni Collette, Giovanni Ribisi, Piper Laurie and many other talents how can you go wrong?
motorola phone car charger: product is great. works like it's supposed to. order processing and shipment speedy and efficient
It worked: Yep. Motorola knows how to make an automobile power cord. Has a convenient on off light that you'll never miss. It's big and bright.
Well made product at fair price: I purchased this product with skepticism because it was so inexpensive.The auto car charger is constructed well and seems to be made with good materials. I have used it for a month and it charges the phone as expected. This is how much an auto adapter should cost and not the ridiculous price that Motorola and it's resellers charge.
Not so good: It works. That's the best I can say about it. The outer insulating cover has started to wear off in many places, exposing wire after only a month. My phone is telling me that I am using an unauthorized charger. So no, this was not a good purchase, and I do not trust the source.
battle weary: This game is horrible. The battles are so... long, slow and unexciting. The scenery is cute, but alittle dark for GBA.Don't waste your money.
chalinging game: this game is hard and I still havn't beaten it, and I have had it for two mothes. I reconmend for only skilled players play.DELTA 904thanks for youre time and patience
Horrible Game: This game is boring. You can't follow the story line, and if I hadn't read the books I would not understand it at all. The fight scenes take too long and they are also boring. In the mines of Moria there is this one place where you have to go but you get stuck because the game has a bug. The controls are extremely weird and take a long time to get used to. I have bought this game and I do not like it. I would suggest not buying it.
why oh why does anyone play this: Yes this has good graphics, Yes it has a kind of Zelda theme. But really if your looking for a game that fits the Lord of the rings best then get the Two Towers. Once you are used to that then get the The Return of the King. That is the best game of them all. Ive played all three and the Fellowship is by far the worst game i have ! Please Gameboy dont let Vivendi Universal (the makers of this game) ever make a game based on a film ever again. They wasted away all the good parts of the books and if you want to fight on this game then good luck to you. DO NOT BUY THIS ITS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
The Code of Dusty Fog: I have read the book and enjoyed it. It is not one of my favorites, but it fills in some of the story line. I will be rereading the book. I have all of the Floating Outfit series and am in the process of reading them in order instead of how I purchase them.
Intriguing beginning and then schmaltz: I won't go into the plot as other reviewers have already given you a rather complete synopsis. After the beginning of the book the character development was weak and disappointing. Annie starts out as a strong, quirky individual by mid-book she's so hung up on Jake that she looses her charm and strength of character. Jake was just too angst ridden for me to enjoy. The secondary characters problems just brought the book down further. That, and that their major maritial problem is resolved by sex in the sauna well, once again a female character "melts".....pun intended. I guess I had anticipated stronger female and male characters, the ones I get from ... I think Ms Wells shows promise but the next book I'll get from the library.
I Kept Waking Up My Husband......: I was laughing so hard when I was reading this that I kept waking him up. I then tried not laughing and my body was shaking so much that that woke him up.This is a wonderfully funny book and I hope to read more books by Robin Wells.
High Quality For a Reasonable Price: I recently purchased this case and tested it at depths up to 100 feet in Bonaire. It was easy to open and close and there was no possiblity of having it only partially closed. The controls operated ALL the cameras functions, there was no leakage or fogging. This case absolutely works as advertised.
Hallmark of the disposable society?: Just throw them away after 12 hours? I assume these are plastic. So, folks after 12 hours they are obsolete, and throw them out to create more useless landfill trash that will last 10 millenia! Yay, hooray!
NO AVAILABILITY: My rating is for Amazon, not the product. I placed this order and just received a mail that it is not available. Why is the availability not updated? I still see it being available now. Very disappointing
poor quality DVD recording: movies are okay but the video quality is poor.Is this a legit DVD or black market?They are watchable...but grainy.I guess you get what you pay for.
Interesting View Into British Culture: As one would expect these producrions are beautifully presented. The quality of the acting is superb. England seems to produce character actors of great skill and presence. I thoroughly enjoyed the variety of themes presented
Colin Firth...need one say more?: Ah! Colin Firth...the ultimate, consumate actor in a variety of roles. A delightful diet of films...one a day plus a bonus for the week-end and one can have a film festival all their own!!
Ones to watch over and over: Excellent classic style movies. All well acted with excellent stars. Will watch over again many times.Colin Firth is one of my favorites.
Sweet Revenge: This is the only film I have watched so far. This is not up to the usual British Cinema quality either in acting or content. I didn't watch to the end. Once he found himself tied up in bed I turned it off.
Not worth the great price: Paying about $16 for this collection of 8 films could have been a great buy. I have traveled to UK enough to know that the British people are generally quite polite, polished, reserved, and mannered. With the exception of The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill and Came Down A Mountain (the only redeeming film in this collection; Hugh Grant portrays the real British style well) the makers of the other 7 have obviously visited Hollywood too many times and have drunk their Kool-Aid. The courseness, vulgarity, even offensiveness in dumbed-down run-on dialogue, babbling idiotic nonsense, and lack of plausible plot is not up to the usual British polish. The 7 films that lack class and levity of the usual British approach obviously came from the hog-pen of the U.S. cinema trough.
Warning. I HIGHLY don't recommend this set!: You would have NO idea reading the description, and looking at the picture on the front, but most of these movies have a rating of PG-13, and there's even an R!!!They are mostly about sex, sensuality, and the like.Yuck. I bought this because my daughter likes the historical movies like Pride & Prejudice and Emma, etc...These are NOT the same. I threw the set away without even opening it. The ratings are on the back. They should be written on the page.
Great card, better than expedcted...: Considering the price of this card, its hard to be disappointed. I installed it into my freshly built system using a full version of Windows XP. As I write this, I am watching an old episode of Star Trek TNG on a small screen on top of AOL. The capture feature works great and the the additional goodies...from cables to a nice remote controller are exceptional. I never use the enclosed driver disk with new hardware, and the 8500DV was no exception. There is not any reason not to download the newest drivers for the initial install... I have found it reduces many hassles. Speaking of hassles, I have had none with this card. Windows XP is such an improvement for handling complex components like the 8500DV, I would recommend it over hassling over a maxed out Win 98 system. This card costs about the same as a prime 3D gaming card. It provides dramatic capabilities. ATI has really done a great job with this card. For the price....it cannot be beat.
Great card but difficult to setup: As the other reviews noted, there are problems with installing this card, even though I got it working successfully in the end. Although it isn't my top pick for a graphics card, I have enjoyed being able to hook it up to my VCR and print my digital videos to VHS (yes, this is possible, although it is a bit tricky to setup.)I withhold one star on this card for having lack of customer support and being hard to setup. If the user manual would have been more comprehensive, and if the ATI website would have had more help on the subject of installing this card, the whole nasty ordeal of card setup (that almost all night) might have been spared.
same: Certain songs from naglfar are without a doubt outstanding esp. "12th rising", "brimstone gate", but the songs off of Vittra all sound similar. I can't really decipher between them. Most of the riffs aren't capturing. It is hard to find the cd Diabolical which has the songs i mentioned above but already I can tell you that cd is better than Vittra.
Louie's Goose: A good childrens' book, excellent for reading to pre-school aged children. The text can easily be understood by the 3 and 4 year olds in my library story hour as they identify with Louie and his most favorite stuffed animal, a red goose. The illustrations are great!
Trite story line with poor recipes: I was new to Guanajuato and enjoyed the parts of the book the discuss the city. But the story line was trite, even contrived. THe "culinary" part of the mystery included recipes that, while tasty, are hardly gourmet -- they mostly consisted of things made with Campbell's soup. Not one that I recall was indigenous to Mexico. At least it was a quick read.
an unusual writing technique: Joyce was quite understandably frustrated when his magnum opus, "Ulysses," did not immediately receive the critical attention he felt it warranted upon its publication in 1922.Thus it was that the artist, while composing his next work, "Finnegan's Wake," got into the habit of periodically banging his head against the typewriter keys, a poignant expression, obviously, of the searing torment boiling within him.Happily for us, the result of these repeated cranial collisions can be viewed in the contents of this volume.
self indulgent tripe: "What secondtonone myther rector and maximost bridges-maker was the first to rise taller through his beanstale than thebluegum buaboababbaun or the giganteous Wellingtonia Sequoia;went nudiboots with trouters into a liffeyette when she wasbarely in her tricklies; was well known to claud a conciliationcap onto the esker of his hooth"If I wrote this and attempted to pass this off as a novel, no one would ever read it. If they did, they would correctly assume that I am, in fact, a pompous erudite fool. And by the way, I know that there are a million academics rating this book that will come on here and tell me how completely wrong my point of view is. But guess what?--I don't care and I'll never actually read any of your responses. Save it for your poor students and old, bearded friends wearing tweed jackets with elbow patches.To the rest of you (normal people)--stay away from this book.
My farts make more sense than Finnegans Wake: ye make a book, alas, how is life? Green Bay Packers. Sandwich? Baby. Eat the, President, lake.Like that prose? That is James Joyce. The king of gibberish. I made it up. But when he does it, it is a classic. When I do gibberish, it is not. Why?What the hell is going on with Finnegans Wake??? I don't know.Joyce must be the genious of gibberish.I don't get it.
Naked Emperors: Admirers of this glimpse into madness must have a great need to feel smug and superior. Such "intellectuals" are painfully desperate and afraid of reality; for it is only in the realm of the naked emperors that they can pretend to be hip.
Mad with Vanity: That was how English novelist Evelyn Waugh descibed Joyce when he came to write FW, and the judgment is apt. The book itself is tripe; but the contortions Joyce fans put themselves through to justify it are always a source of amusement.
He's challenging us to doodle...: I give this book two stars because it's the first, and last, book to tell us what we already should know...that we think gibberish in that ethereal state between waking and sleep. Finningan's Wake reminds me of the canvas I've seen at countless art shows with a jumble of random splatterings of paint. Any one of us could create the same thing. Why don't we? Joyce is challenging us to get off our duffs and splatter some paint on the canvass. If you think it's worthwhile (personally, I don't) do it. You could be the next James Joyce.
Nietzsche is NOT the antichrist!: Nietzsche is not fed up with christianity, he is fed up with christians, and the people who distort christianity. Nietzsche is not the antichrist, he is simply the Messenger in a greek tragedy. We are the antichrist."In reality there has been ofnly one christian, and he died on the cross. The Evangel died on the cross. what was called 'Evangel' from that moment on was already the oposite of what he had lived"antichrist 39Five stars for Nietzsche, three for the lack of notes. Also, there are many times when Nietzsche writes in french or latin and there is no note or translation.ps I'm older than twelve.
Pocket chart: It is a birthday present for my granddaughter and has not been opened yet. It appears to be as promised and both girls will benefit from it.
Sraight-up raw emotions...: From a female hardcore lovers point of view: I have just got to say that Hatebreed is amazing. By far one of the best hardcore albums I've heard in a while. THis album is full of raw, true emotion - it makes me aware of where I am with myself as well as with others. Hatebreed goes further than just delivering a simple hardcore sound - they truly give it in a way that makes me FEEL the music. It has the ability to take one to the emotional edge and back. I would love to thank the band personally for creating and SHARING thier sound with others...and for inspiring me.
I didn't know Sepultura was hardcore.: It's interesting that Hatebreed gets so much for credit not following in the steps of Slipknot or Limp Bizkit, when they now tour with bands like that. Its also interesting in light of the fact that their music is basically identical to any alterna-metal band's, except without what little talent or melody those bands possess. This band has as much to do with hardcore as Sepultura. I thought this was a joke band when I heard it. f you're really interested in hardcore, put down that jug of Weight Gainer 900, turn off your victory sampler CD, and order a Universal Order of Armadgeddon CD immediately. And stop wearing so much adidas, newjack.
Hatebreed is the god of all that is god about hardcore.: Hatebreed album Satifaction is the Death of Desire has to be one of the all time best albums I have ever heard. I list to a lot of hardcore and and this album never comes out of my disc changer. If you are looking for strong lyrics, strong music, and an awsome groove that you and your friends can kill each other to, buy this and never stop listening to it.
Worse than "The Quest": The beginning of the film is nothing more than a hurried attempt to get Van Damme to the Foreign Legion where the real story and action begins, right? Unfortunately, the rest of the film is nothing more that a snoozefest ripoff of other war movies. At least Van Damme didn't do the splits in this movie. Then again, that might have given the film a memorable momement.
I liked it, but my dog doesn't.: I had bought one of these for my old dog (a large German Shorthaired Pointer) who had a horrible pulling problem. And it worked perfectly for him, and he didn't seem to mind. On the other hand I just bought one of these for my 10 month old Coonhound, and it also worked to stop his pulling. But he hates it! I can't take him for a walk without him trying to get it off atleast 3-6 times. I think this may just be because he loves to sniff the ground so much that this kind of makes his head go higher up, but now I have to order him something else to stop his pulling because of what difficulty it is to use this for him. Other than that amazing product in it's self.
Imitation Brand: They sent an imitation; Holt from china instead of the advertised Halti, and it cut my dog's face! I tried contacting them, but no response.
Not good for small dogs like lhasas: This is probably a good product for dogs with square jaw lines but for owners of small dogs such as a lhasa apso or shitzu beware! Because of their flatter facial structures, the collar slips off and won't hold as it should. And speaking from experience, the size is not the issue i.e. even a small size won't work.
The Wild Thornberry's Movie: This game is so cool. I have only played it once, and already I would like to purchase it. It has coloring, puzzling, and even adventures. The only time that I ave played was when I was going to a DNA lab, and I had my GBA, with a not-so-fun game, so somebody let me play The Wild Thornberry's Movie Game, and now I would like to purchase it, once again to say that.
Disappointed: I am sure the story is fine, but the disk is imperfect, lost my packing slip and need to call to return it.
stargate continuum: the story is without a bunchline and not as good as the others stargates that I have bought
stargat continuam review by cvf: movie was awsome they did bring back general oneill wich i am REALLY HAPPY about that my only problem with the movie was richerd dean andersons character wasent showed enough
Very pleased!: As a loyal fan of the Stargate franchise since the very first movie...I applaud the actors, writers and producers/director for a job well done!It still takes some getting used to a 'feature-length movie' vs 'made for television'; meaning I was so used to them getting right to it, that I had to learn how to sit back, relax and let the actors take me there.I can only say that I was very satisfied with this purchase and I have a little bit more of Stargate in my home...where it belongs.Thanks!DarrylCincinnati, OH
2/3 done: I am pretty happy with installment 2 out of the 3 that were promised. I have been to a few conventions and have shaken hands with most of the stars, but I have a ways to go yet, and so do they! I am anxiously awaiting the next one.
It's great to have SGC Back: I hope we'll see more of this mini movies, though it seems for a story like that, a 4 hours movie could have been better. Yet, it's a fantastic storyline, exploring new ways allowing us however to see all of our favorite teams seens over the years while the show was on.
Above expectation: The entertainament quality is above the average of the series SG1. I think this film reached the quality level of Stargate Atlantis.
Video Review: Length:: 6:20 MinsThis is my video Review of Stargate Continuum. For more video reviews, search "MikePetel" on Youtube. Enjoy!
Great movie butt o grainy on blueray: I like all the stargates. But this one and ark of truth are way to grainy they look better on standard dvd. Other then that it's another great stargate film.
one time cooker: This rice cooker is good for one time cooking. The rice does not last more than 12 hours. I usually leave my rice for 4 days so that I do not have to keep cooking it (lazy). I returned it and bought Cukoo rice cooker (made in Korea). The rice lasts for 4 days without changing color or get old. Cukoo is more expensive but it will last for years.
The few standout tracks on this album are...: 1) The intro, "soulstar."2) "youloveme," which should have been the first single, not "forthenight."3) Somewhere between "momentinlife" and "thereason."Otherwise, a less than stellar album.
Soulstar - - Not Quite There Yet!: I got the feeling when I was listening to this album that he wasn't there musically or lyrically. The majority of this album is just passé and I could take it or leave it. Forthenight is the only song on here that gets major play in my cd player, and he couldn't even give you five minutes to really get into it. The other songs sound as if he was going off into left field. Now only if he could JustgivemeawholealbumIcouldlistentoo!
This cd is really cool..give him a break: I love Musiq ( even when he had the Soulchild, don't get me wrong all the songs aren't hits BUT for the most part he is doing his thing on this album. Cut my man a break, he is trying and I look forward to his new album. I love his voice, his music and him in general. The tracks that are my fav's are:InfatueightiesWhoknowsFortheNightYouknowyoulovemeMomentinlifeWomanopolyBuy, borrow(from a friend or Library) this Cd it's mellow like the way Neo-soul is supposed to be.Toodles,
Jusbeautiful: At first I didn't really care for this album, but after a couple of listens, I love it. Neo-soul is here to stay and Musiq is the greatest. My favorite tracks are Womanopoly, Babymother, Who Knows, and so on. This cd is hot and I can't wait for the next one.
ultimately ineffective: This is the kind of book where you realize early on that the writer isn't talented enough to pull off what she's set out to do. Sad, since I was looking forward to reading this, based on the jacket copy. Oh well. This reviewer recommends that others look elsewhere for a compelling read.
Run Lola Run: This is without a doubt one of the all time best films I have ever seen. If you are thinking about buying it just do so, you will not be disapointed.
What if!: This IS your bag:If you like action, fun, stunts, thrillIf you want to see something completely uniqueIf you are not afraid of timeblendsIf you like fabulous music from some of the hippest german people (that make look the far too streamlined usual scores look veeeery old)If you like cartoonsIf you like to rather sit and hold than to stop the vcr and go to toiletIf you like to experience sheer SPEEDSo, what are you waiting for? Run to get it!One funny sidenote: The movie's rating was for 12 years in germany. Americans are really funny with their prudery. It seems that the americans are as afraid of sex as the germans are of violence.
My favorite movie ever: this movie is simply the best i have ever seen. i am very into film, but this is simply great because of its wonderful story line, a great art direction, and wonderful camera work...all out A++++movie...everyone should have it!
A bit overrated. . .: Actually this isn't really even a movie, it's a really long music video. Maybe it's an advertisement, I don't know. All I can say is that a good movie requires a few things first and foremost: an engaging story and some interesting characters. This film lacks both. The director is a trickster of sorts who depends on neat stylized filming techniques and devices that attempt to cover up the fact that nothing's really happening plot-wise. Sorry, but the "alternate-scenario" theme just didn't work. At the end of the movie your left wondering why you bothered to even watch the first two thirds. Maybe I missed the point. Is there a point? Somebody please enlighten me.
Achtung!: This movie left me on the edge of my seat and short of breath. Once just wasn't enough in the theater. I just had to see it again on the big screen. I never used to be into movies with subtitles. But the effect just isn't the same as it is in its native tongue. Just when I thought it's over, it just takes you on another turn and another and another!!! If you like fast paced, unpredictable action with a soundtrack that fits its movie like a glove, this one's for you.
Good for Hip and Knee joints in my Bichons: This product is palatable and seems to work well with my Bichon, who injured her knee in a tussle with my younger Bichon. The joint works well and she seems to not have anymore pain. I recommend this product.
RELLY CHALINGING.: RELLY QUICK action you can play tag here is how to play tag youhave to tag all the othere cars wethowt being tagd in retern.batell is a chalinging game you fite. you can race to.
Just another excuse to make money: I am sorry but after reading this book, I have to admit that the feminists are right. Men are pigs and the only reason this book was written was for the authors to make money.The book tries to justify its existance by saying it is designed to help you find the love of your life on the internet. It actually only helps you find the love of your night. If I had actually used any of the tips in the book, I would have had alot of sex but I doubt finding my soulmate would have been possible. In fact I doubt anyone using this tips would find their ultimate mate, it would be inspite of the tips not because of them.An entire chapter is devoted to sterotyping women, though the authors do try to explain most women do not meet these types, then the list over 10 to watch out for.I am glad I did not actually pay for this, I would have demanded my money back.
10 stars!: This album is brilliant! If you buy it, I guarantee it'll be the best album you buy all year!
Disappointing: This was a very disappointing purchase. The 'Premium Hand Decorated Exotic Wooden Tea Chest' appears to be pine decorated with printed paper. Although the print is very nice, the description of it is a bit overblown.The tea inside was okay. Some of the combinations of flavors just didn't go well together, and often drowned the flavor of the tea.
Thank goodness for Amazon!: My cable was out, and I missed my favorite shows. Thank goodness for Amazon where I could watch them and not worry about viruses or signing up for a monthly fee. Thanks!
Joshua & Children: This is an easy reading, but profound, story of what children can do to change the prejudices of their elders.
Nice CD, but mislabelled: This CD is not Touch Sampler 5, which has not yet been released. This is Touch Sampler 00, released to commemorate the millenium. It's a nice CD, and the track listing is right, but the product title is incorrect. See [...]
Colleen - Colleen Et Les Botes À Musique: I can't imagine a more limiting instrument than a music box -- its tones are set in a specific pattern, and it doesn't deviate from that at all. But Colleen somehow makes music boxes magical again. By mixing the traditional plucked sounds with their re-processed and synthesized counterparts, she manages to evoke a fairy tale mysticism. "What's is a Componium, Part 1" goes from thick sonics to singular tones at the end. And even it "Charles's Birthday Card" relies solely on iterations of Pop Goes the Weasel, "Will You Gamelan For Me?" is its own creation immediately. The tinkling comes fast and furious on "What's is a Componium, Part 2," a track that sparkles like moondust. "Calypso in a Box" shows off the more processed side, and has an almost Senor Coconut feel for its short running time. The standout piece here is the final track, "I'll Read You a Story," which appeared on an earlier album, but is always welcome anywhere.
McDuffie's elegance and artistry are marvelous.: I knew nothing of Robert McDuffie until I heard him perform the Mendelssohn Concerto at Wolf Trap with the National Symphony. That performance led me to seek out this CD, and McDuffie's playing here is as lovely on the disc as it was in the live performance. His tone may not be as big as Itzhak Perlman's, but it is nevertheless exquisite (the phrase "spun silver," though cliched, is apt). This is true concerto playing, the soloist carrying on a conversation with the orchestra (and, by extension, with the listener). I definitely will seek out more of McDuffie's discs, and I hope others will, too.
Great value, brute force: First off let me help you novices out there a little bit. Don't buy a video card because of its price, its hype, or its look, do your research! This card is excellent, it is blazingly fast, (it beats geforce 3), and it is a steal... BR>A key feature in the radeon 8500 is the programmable pixel shaders. Let me tell you a little more about them. Geforce 3, 4 and radeon 8500 all share them witht he exception with the Geforce 4 MX. The newest games will use programmable pixel shaders and if you don't have a video card that uses this, then you can't play it. The radeon beats its competition while being half the price! but be cautious because there has been driver issues with ATI and what seems to be "cheating drivers"Pros:blazingly fastcomes from a respectable companyexcellent image qualitycons:driver issues
Not a horror movie, a horrible movie: This movie personifies everything that is wrong with Hollywood these days. The characters are superficial, the plot anemic, and the special effects vastly overused. Liam Neeson leads a cast of characters who spend a few days in a haunted house to gauge their fear reaction. The house is possessed by the spirit of its builder, who hates kids. That is about it. A terrible remake of the original 1963 classic, which was the best horror film ever made. Get the original, and save your bucks by letting this one sit in the warehouse and rot.
Absolute Crap!: Okay, if you're a special effects freak, you might like this. However, there are much better films with equally good effects. If you're a fan of minor things like say, oh... plot, character development, etc., then stay away! The 1963 Robert Wise film is the scariest film I've ever seen, and the scares come from what Wise DOESN'T show you. The '63 version was brilliantly plotted and paced, with one of the greatest ending lines in film history. The 1999 version has none of this. Do yourself a favor, and see the '63 movie, or better yet, read the Shirley Jackson novel. The only reason this gets one star is because C. Zeta-Jones is just SO easy on the eyes!
A Truley Horrible Horror Film: A truly horrible horror film. Over use of not so special "special effects" attempted to divert our attention from the fact that the movie never gained any momentum, and that the characters were never developed or interesting. The only thing that's scary about this film is that someone actually tried to improve upon a classic horror movie so frightening the memory of which still scares me after 30 years. The other thing that scares me about this movie is the reoccurring memory that I actually paid to see it.
Too awful to be funny: I'll admit it was years ago when I had seen part of this movie remake that was SO bad, SO corny, SO awfully un-scary that I couldn't even continue to punish myself and barely made it half way through (and I, a lover of all things spooky!). I do recall however three things about this movie: the directing was awful, the script was terrible and Cathy Jones (I didn't know who she was - she hadn't married the old man yet which really launched her career) gave a performance that was particularly bile producing and one of the worst things about this movie. No! I speak in haste - there were a number of 'worst' things about this movie.If you want to be creeped-out, read the book (The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson). If you must see the story in movie form, watch the old black and white original from 1963 starring Julie Harris. It's dark and moody and may just give you a shiver or two along with a tinge of vertigo.Happy Hauntingness,Wind in Hare
Catherine Zeta-Jones trap!: Is "The House On Haunted Hill" so different than "The Haunting"? Both share the same failure. A great old story that can be pictured every year and still make a good THRILLER. But this movie makes it no better than a poor picture!Good actors, good story but not well told with its poor suspense! The old classic movies with their limited graphics were much more successful!!!
Great Mystery - Not So Great Horror Flick: If you like super-natural mysteries, then you'd like this film. It is technically a horror film, but it's really not that frightening (though there is a scene in the movie that made my mother jump about three feet), and as a result, is not for people that watch horror films for the fright. As a mystery, however, it is really quite good, and deserves to be watched over and over, just so you can find all the hidden clues for the answer at the end.
...and what a feeble haunting it is!: No, no, no! What went wrong? Big-budget film with great actors, and what do we get? A visually appealing film with a completely flat Liam Neeson and a paper-thin storyline. Catherine Zeta Jones tries to charm her way through, but even though she does an okay job, the movie is still bad. Lili Taylor and Owen Wilson also try to add flavour to it all, but cannot manage to save the day. All we get is a movie with a few novelties but way too little content. It all seems to be over before it really begins, and nothing really makes much sense. And the eerie mood is almost totally absent. Not a good omen for a "horror" movie, is it?I just can't believe what went wrong for Neeson. Usually he drags a movie up, not down! Watch House on Haunted Hill instead, if you're into "stuff-some-people-into-a-haunted-house-and-see-if-the-survive" movies. Then you'll se how a proper haunting should be :)
Great - then ZZZZZZ - then EGADS, what a waste!: Sad Sad SadThe waste of talent in this movie is such a sad state of affairs. Catherine Zeta-Jones is a much higher caliber actress, along with Liam Neeson's lame attempts to make this movie palatable is such a crime.... almost as if the movies' set was haunted!The beginning of the movie has so much promise - you feel the backround of the centralized story has promise, you get suckered into the premise this house has to offer - then, and without warning, the silliness begins.It is as if you've been thrown into an Addams Family reunion - the story line starts to wander, the characters continue to wander, and ideas and solutions pop-up without a warning or explanation...To say a "horror" movie isn't believable almost sounds absurd, but this movie gets you suckered in, then throws you on the floor flat...This is a definite - do not buy, borrow or rent! Just wait for cable!
Poor plot: The actors in the movie are a great bunch, but when the plot is very weak, you dont get very much. I mean Liam Neeson! Hes a great actor, but was very weak in this movie. it wasnt scary at all, the the end of the movie was bad. There was maybe one scary part, which was when a fake lookin skeleton popped up and made me jump. That was all. I dont recommend this movie to people who like scary movies, b/c it was a polar opposite.
Catherine Zeta-Hipboots: A fan of both Jackson's novel and the 1963 Robert Wise adadptation, I went to this movie expecting it to be underwhelming. It was worse. In fact, it was so bad, I laughed my way through it (along with the two friends who accompanied me). There are so many digital effects that the house seems alive, indeed, but computer geeks set free with a big budget don't creep me out. They're just annoying. So is the movie. The house shape-shifts, sighs, moans--hell, even the door-knocker gets a reaction shot. Zeta-Jones's leather hipboots manage to out-act her, and Lili Taylor is hilariously bad as Eleanor. ("I've got the save the children!" Wha?) Liam Neeson is even less interesting than he was in THE PHANTOM MENACE, if that's possible. Let's just put it this way: I just sacrificed 10 minutes of my time to write this review so that you won't waste 1 hour and 40 minutes of yours on this film.
Typical Hollywood pulp: Third grade mentality, third-rate dialog. Not for adults. Egads, I actually bought the DVD. Shame on me.
EMBARASSINGLY BAD: This is the worst film of all time. The only amusement came from making fun of the acting. How they got Liam Neeson and Zeta Jones to be in this movie is incredible. I was looking forward to bathroom breaks so I would miss some of this movie. Total poop!!
IF IT AIN'T BROKEN, DON'T FIX IT: "The Haunting" with Julie Harris was so good--even better for its black and white medium, which enhances the sense of the macabre and general off-kilterness of the set. Why don't they remake "The Wizard Of Oz?" Now, there's a picture that could be made MUCH pertier with modern cinematography. The cheap set and old theatre-style acting throw a damper on what's still is a great universal story.
Sadly Disappointing: This overdone remake of the brilliant 1963 classic is sorely disappointing. If it had been released as an original movie with an original title, it would have worked. The special effects (though good) were too much for this movie to bare.
It may be a modern-day classic to some, but not to me...: This 1999 horror film based on the original "The Haunting", is creepy in some ways, but altogether, it's not really a great film at all. It has good acting, and the scares and pop-outs are clever (things that boost my rating from a 1 to a 2), with an ending that isn't perfect, but really can hold the movie from completely falling apart. The film moves slow in the beginning, and it starts to pick the pace soon after, and later has it's intense ending. The film is OK in some ways, but ultimately becomes more of a fail than a win, but it still isn't horrible. I liked the house and the setting, though. That was cool. The complete storyline was pretty good, also. If you want some innovative horror from 1999, I suggest you get "The Blair Witch Project".
Poor re-make of a good movie: I was originally looking forward to seeing this movie, but after I did, I wish I hadn't spent the money. The story is lame, the actors dull, and the story is so changed from Shirley Jackson's wonderful book, and the 1963 movie that it doesn't even deserve to share the same title. Forget about buying this botched movie and purchase the older 'Haunting.' You'll wonder why they bothered to make a re-make, proving that newer doesn't necessarily mean better.
A lot better than the factory seat.: The seat was a cinch to install. It took about 10 minutes tops, and it's a lot more comfortable than the factory seat the bike came with.
Great story: I bought this book and Alamut when was in high school and lost them years ago. I was so happy to have it to download and read again on my Kindle!
Please the parents and the kids: Our almost 3-year old son knows nearly every word of this album by heart, our 15-month old perks up when ralph is on, and we parents hum the tunes and enjoy the smart lyrics - even though we hear this music daily ! The music is rich and doesn't go stale, and manages to bridge the generation gap.
too small for a newborn: I ordered this bag without any knowledge of how big it was. I wanted to use it for a wkend trip I was taking and was shocked at how small the bag was. I have a 3 month old baby girl and it was way too small for me to carry all of her things in it. I was only able to fit a few diapers and wipes and the other small items. I wasn't even able to fit a change of clothes. I tried putting a change of her clothes in the back pocket but it made it way too bulky. All in all the bag was adorable but way too small for a newborn. I wouldn't recommend this bag to any mother with a newborn baby.
book review: Book is packaged properly so it is not easy to tamper with it. Great that it comes with a CD.
A great buy: This book is great for anyone having trouble taking the asvab for the first time. My daughters score improved tremendously!
helped a bit: studied the asvab few days before taking the test. this book helped me get an idea of the difficulty and what to expect in the test. the practice tests on this book is actually harder than the actual asvab, so it helped me to study harder versions. passed with a score of 94.
A Surprising Find: The composers of these songs were almost all born in the second half of the 19th century. Their attempt was to create an "American music" from native American sources of rhythm and tonality. I get the same sense of hearing original music with these songs as I got the first time I heard Erik Satie. The songs tend to be melodic and peaceful and fresh. Don't expect much in the way of tom-toms and movie indian harmonies. I love to find songs that go to unexpected places. I found that here.For a much more sophisticated review, search "American Indianists" and Fred Flaxman.
5 for the 1st, 4 for the 2nd: While I loved both movies, Jean de Florette and the sequel Manon of the Spring, I would rate the first of the pair to to have an edge over the second. They are both masterfully done, and you really can't watch just one of them, as they are an inseparable pair, the first movie forming the background for the second, and the second providing the resolution for the first. Without giving up too much of the story, these movies tell a story of greed, "accidental" murder, and resolution with the likes of Greek tragedy--critically and tenderly revealing the mysterious nature of the human heart. Two of the best set of movies ever in my lifetime. My only criticism of the 2nd movie is the weak portrayal of the young woman, which came down to either poor direction or perhaps a poor casting decision. Overall, this flaw can be overlooked, as these two movies will stand as classics for many years to come.
Make sure you see Jean de Florette first: This is the second part of a two part series, and picks up where Jean de Florette leaves off. If you do not see Jean de Florette, then you will be missing much of the background of this movie, and the context is important. For example, without viewing the first movie, the viewer will not know Manons background, what happened to her father, and their farm. The viewer will also not know the full relationship she has with the Soubeyran clan.The quality of the DVD picture is avarage. The picture is fairly clean and clear.
Does not work with Minolta DiMAGE 7i digital cam: I bought a SimpleTech CompactFalsh card of 256Mb to use with my digital camera (Minolta DiMAGE 7i) but it does not work ! The card works fine on my PC, but there is a compatibility problem with the digital cam. I guess SimpleTech must be aware of the problem since their tech support e-mailed me that they would post a patch on their website as soon as they would find one, but of course I had no clue of the compatibility issue before buying the card, so I hope this might help some potential buyers...
Will Die, Don't Buy: It's very simple, everything I have ever owned by SimpleTech has died on me including this drive, 4 USB sticks, 3 SD cards, and 1 CF card. Not one of their products lasted me more than 2 years and caused me a lot of headache.
My favorite book of all-time: I can still remember the force with which the first two or three paragraphs hit me, reading them in a bookstore in Albuquerque. Inventive, humane, human, magical.
Simply Superb.: I have read this book in both Spanish and English I believe it is simply the best novel written in the 20th century. No where else does a book burn with the fires of imagination and dreams like this one. It touches my soul with a something magical, creating the world of the Buendias inside of me. Someone once said finishing the book is like waking from a dream. I agree.
This Book Changed My Life: Before reading this book,I had never realized that a book could be a piece of art as easily as a painting. This book is akin to beauty bound in pages, it is utterly amazing. I personally do not understand why people say it is difficult to understand and even more difficult to get through. I couldn't put it down, it simple spoke to me. Rules to follow while reading this: 1.) Pay attention and savor, and 2.) Open your mind
Macondo, la capital del mundo: Gracias a este libro recien llegamos a descubrir que toda la humanidad habito en algun momento en Macondo. Olvidensen de las grandes civilizaciones del pasado, este pueblo perdido lo abarca todo, amor, odio, guerras. Y los Buendia son como cualquier ser humano de este planeta. Esta novela son de las que se leen de un tiron, no importa que afuera pase un viento huracanado como el que destruye al pueblo al final. Al cerrar la ultima pagina todos llevamos algo de Macondo dentro de nosotros.
Too Boring to Continue: I only made it to 195 pages. The book is just boring. A lot of sound and fury signifying very little. There are marriages; there are deaths; there are love affairs; there are suicides; there are battles... so a lot does happen. BUT-- I don't care about the characters. If you don't care about the characters, then all their quirky faults seem abstract and dull. Like dusty butterflies in a catalog, their various lives are chronicled. It's a dry description of their adventures and I'm left with a "so what?" Maybe his dryness passes for sophistication, but this book left me cold.
Columbian family values: Marquez' book takes the reader through the lives and times of what I hope is an atypical Columbian (?) family, covering from roughly the 1830s to the 1930s. It was fun in parts, but oddly repetitive, with a style that seemed half magic realism, half Freud. And, of course, the standard enervating anti-American diatribes were thrown in. I guess a Latin American author even in magic realism mode can't overcome his predilictions.
500 pages of boredom: The first paragraph of this book is one of the greatest in literary history. It's enough to compel the reader to read the next one hundred pages. Unfortunately, the book becomes one of the most overrated in history.Many of the praises given say the book is difficult, confusing, and yet they come to the conclusion it is a great book. Why? Why not just say that difficult and confusing books are not very good. This is a parable with many characters, magic realism (a genre that deserves to be ignored, though that's another discussion. To give Marquez credit, his magical realism is a response to the limits placed upon him by the government he lived under, but it is, nevertheless, a poor literary form and when imitated purely awful), and the intertwining of lives, but they just don't move. The story only makes the reader wonder what the big fuss is all about?Marquez' book about Miguel Litton, and News of a Kidnapping are much better, but this book just bores and bores.
my #1 book: this book changed me ... it changed the way i look at things ... the way i observe all the events in my life ...it wasnt easy to read at the beginning ... but this book helped me get rid of depression ...writing the characters names with a brief about each of thm will help you alot
You must read this book!: This was my first encounter with the magical realism style and I love it! The Buendia family is quite possibly the most intriguing I have encountered in any book. A must read.
Emporer's new clothes.: I'm one of those obsessives who forces himself to finish any book he starts so I plugged away hoping I'd experience the enlightenment all these other reviewers seem to have found...but I just didn't get it. Maybe it lost something in the translation, but I prefer a little dialog in my fiction...even in my heavy, pretentious intellectual and politically correct fiction. I don't mind the magic realism, but I do get bored with sentences that run on for two-plus pages without a period. Oh, well, chalk up the dissent to a libertarian crumudgeon redneck who's educated beyond his intelligence. But I was underwhelmed.
U will never read anything like it: I read One Hudred Years of SOlitude like 6 times over the years, and it still holds its magic and atmosphyre. Just an unbelievable classic. It feels weary and long at moments, also distracting at moments but its originality and magical ventures arise and fill the soul. Must have.
One of the best ever.....: I have read this book 4 times, and I can read it 100 times more, and never get tired of it. This is what a great piece of literture can do. This book has such unforgetable scenes, that one cannot differenciate between dream and reality that exists in the story, but takes over your mind and don't let go till you set aside the book. And even after, you will be captivated by the imagineray that has gone into this masterpiece.
A Haunting and Incredible Experience: I approached this novel with reluctance. A friend recommended it but said it was best to read it in the original Spanish. I don't understand Spanish, but I decided to try the English translation. I was overwhelmed. For days I was in a trance. I could not and did not want to pull myself away from Macondo and the Buendia family. The words hypnotized me. The scenes evoked haunted me during the day and filled my dreams at night. Gabriel Garcia Marquez has created a masterpiece in any language.
lesson in the depravity of man: As I opened this book, I thought to myself "Wow! This seems like a great story!" I found myself growing more depressed and disgusted with every page. Although the style and Marquez' technique are unquestionably wonderful, the overlaying themes of lust, lack of self-control, and immorality outweighed the good. The goal of nearly very character's life is the same; to please him or herself. Very few characters are in the least bit caring of self-sacrificing. The only way I could reconcile myself to reading this disapointing work was the fact that it is a lesson in man's depravity. I realized that every person, without God's intervention, is just as bad or worse than Marquez' perverse characters. The book is not without its high points- I loved the ending, the mystery of the Segundo twins, and Ursula's strength. There are some passages where the language is incredible. Marquez is a mastery of imagery! I only wish that there had been more positive images to remember....
Could never read this book....: This is what I think my problem is... I didn't like the translation of the book. If the novel was written in Spanish and then translated into English, I would sit there and say to myself that I loved the descriptive, but not the flow of the sentence. I am compelled to give this novel another try based on these reviews. It has been a few years and I feel it is well deserving.
Excellent translation of Marquez's masterpiece: This translation of Marquez's quintessential work does great justice to his remarkable prose. The clarity and depth of Hundred Years' symbolism and the excellent development of the Buendia characters send the reader back to an austere but complicated time - a time of exploration, political upheaval, and social transition. One criticism of this translation is the absence of footnotes to specific historical, cultural, or social elements of life in Colombia in the past two centuries."Taciturn, silent, insensible to the new breath of vitality that was shaking the house, Colonel Aureliano Buendia could understand only that the secret of a good old age is simply an honorable pact with solitude" (p. 199).Overall, a great read!
great card: This card has to be the bast purchase I've ever made! The grapghics are great, it's DirectX supported (a biggie) and is far superior to most cards of the same price. The reviewer who says it doesn't work obviously knows nothing about computers to know well enough whether his motherboard will work with the card. If he bought the AGP card, maybe he should try the PCI. Anyway, this is a great video card from a great company for a great price. BUY IT!
The best discworld novel; for beginners or veterans: I've read nearly all of them and this is my favorite. Definitely check out the ones with Death in a lead role (like Mort for instance)
Pratchett I just love him: the whole city watch series is just about my favorite bunch of books I have ever read. I almost have to read them alonme because I get the whole family looking askingly when I laugh out loud. Great stories, obviousl;y fantasy but so real. And if you love word play you will never find better
I'll second that: I nearly cried when I realized that this was an abridged version. There is no indication in the record. I was really looking forward to these CDs.
Carrot, Vimes, Colon and Nobbs are all back to fight crime!: Carrot, Vimes, Colon, Nobbs are back. With also alot of new recruits:Angua, Detritus and Cuddy. What is the mysterious thing killing dwarfs, clowns and assasins? Is Vimes finally going to get married? Who knows?
Terrible product, did not work, and company unreachable.: I purchased this item for my son, and it did not work right out of the box. I followed all the terrible instructions, and it still did not work. I went to the Coby website for answers, and there was nothing there either. I then attempted over 20 tiems to contact Coby via telephone, and was never able to get through. I finally returned the product for a different bran. I STRONGLY suggest buying something else with a longer battery life. and MUCH better support and documentation.
Where are the other seasons?: This is one of my favorite shows. I have contacted Sony for a release date, but I can't seem to get a difinitive answer. This has been out for almost 2 years. Please post a response if anyone knows what to do or who to contact to request the other seasons be released. I'll sign a petition if that will help!!!L.W.
Kindle-Version of Bantam Classics un-readable: I was looking for a well-structured side-by side version of the Canterbury Tales. Bantam Classics normally does a great jobs on books, but whoever transcribed it to kindle did not know kindle at all, left it unstructured and the translation all over the place, intermingled with the lines, translating the wrong verses and generally just all over the place.Practically, I am reading four lines middle-english, five lines modern, three lines middle-english, 2 lines modern, 6 lines middle-english, and so forth. There is no connection between the middle-English and its translation.That was a wasted 5.99 USD for kindle version and a HUGE disappointment :( ...
Beware of editions by General Books LLC: Beware of editions by General Books LLCThey produce books by scanning (OCR) copyright-free material, but without any editing.There are so many errors though that the result may be unusable.Usability probably depends on subject matter, but the many OCR-errors make even prose an annoying read.Especially mathematical and technical texts and texts with notes can become completely garbled.See the review of J.M. Keynes' "A treatise on probability" on this site which I bought but is useless, and similar comments by other buyers (on "Vanity Fair" by Thackeray; on "The Italian" by Radcliffe)
Kindle version is very poorly edited: The content - introductory notes, translation - is great. This is one of my favourite adaptations of the Canterbury Tales into modern English.The Kindle version, however, complete ruins the book. The printed version presents facing-page translation, which works great. The kindle version attempts to do that, having one 'page' after the other, not considering that due to the font-size adaptability, this doesn't work at all.
Aaarrrggghhh: Why did I think this rendition of The Cantebury Tales was translated into modern English? It is the second of three items purchased from Amazon, and a second disappointment. Perhaps I should not shop online. Regardless, it is a classic and, I suspect, not read by nearly as many who would enjoy it.
Cnnterbury Tales(Oxford Word's Classics): This translation allows you to read the stories, which often are in poetry, with pleasure. I found the stories to be earthy, funny, but sometimes sad.
Great movie, poor audio transfer: It is so incredibly disappointing that when such a fine film is released on DVD that the audio would be out of synch. Does anyone know if this an inherent problem with all the pressings?
Tedious and Self-Inflating: I'm always up for another look at the Titanic, especially if new light is shed on the story. Unfortunately, Pelligrino spends a huge percentage of the book referring to himself admiringly in the third person, or subtly inflating his own worth in the parallel story line of Ballard's expeditions. On top of that, it's not interesting. The retelling of the events on the ship are fine, but they can't carry the deadweight of Pelligrino's attempt to make himself a central figure or as important as the story. It's the literary equivalent to watching an actor talk about how moved they are by their own acting. PASS.
This is GOLD!: Jenna Reid has produced a debut solo cd of sheer quality from start to finish. This young woman is such a stunning live performer its a joy to see she has produced an equally impressive studio recording. Stripped bare of over production lets her talent be heard. Fiddle playing of the highest order
Excellent fiddle: I really enjoy this album and the level of playing is admirable. There is a good range of tunes, which fit together well as a whole. I think I listened to it about 6 times in a row when I first got it.
This Coyote Is No Genius: The usual Girl Goes To The Big City cliches, not as bad as what you'd expect from Mr. Bruckheimer, thanks to the lovely and charismatic Ms. Perabo and a nice performance from Mr. Goodman as "Dad"...still, a gal who aspires to write songs and has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO SAY. That whole Whitney/Mariah thing, yecch.The bar scenes have a certain energy to 'em, but the other coyotes apparently have no hopes and dreams (or personalities).Here's hoping the adorable Piper will get a great or even better movie in the near future. I will definitely be following her career.
Good movie + these Coyotes aren't ugly!: This is a really good cheesy movie that girls and guys will both like. However if your boyfriend doesn't like these types of movies then put in the "unrated version." In the regular version the kissing/sex scene doesn't show anything but the unrated version shows lots of skin and is pretty steamy. It's definitely a cutesy movie, but the eye candy and bar scenes will keep the guys watching. Piper Perabo and the rest of the girls won't disappoint I promise!
The bar scenes were cool, but that's about it: I bought this movie because I love Jerry Bruckheimer movies. I should have just rented it. The only entertaining part of this movie was the bar scenes, all of which were shown in the trailer. That about sums up the good scenes. When I watched the featurette about how hard they were looking for a lead actress and how excited they were to find Piper Perabo, I couldn't believe it! Perabo's acting was so annoying, she ruined the whole movie for me. Her fear of singing in public just became more and more irritating as the movie proceeded. I just wanted to smack her and say just do it and stop your whining and sniveling! I'm one of those people who like all kinds of movies, even some really bad ones, but this is one that I don't think I will be watching again.
Coyote Stupid: This movie is so dumb... "HOW DUMB IS IT?" This movie is so dumb that even though it has a bunch of hot chicks dancing around in sexy clothes provocatively it is anything but sexy and provocative. Dumb, Dumb, DUMB.Did I mention that it stunk too.
Absolutely horrible!: This movie is one of the worst I've seen in the past year (right there with "The Whole Nine Yards" and "Cruel Intentions"). The plot is predictable, the actors worthless (or maybe the plot just wasn't any good), and there's really no good reason to watch it. See, if this movie were at least rated R and they actually showed some T&A instead of just hinting at it, maybe there'd be a reason to watch this movie, what with all the hotties in it. However, bad dialogue, combined with predictable plot, bad performances by actors and hotties but no nudity makes for a totally worthless movie. What a waste of my time!
Great Movie: I love this movie,i watched it the first time with my best friend and then realized that i had to have a copy of it because its such a great movie
Stunning: I bought this cd initialey by mistake. I was in a hurry and missed the cd i wanted right next to it. It must have been God's hand directing me to this stunning album. I had only heard the band on the radio and by the time song one was over i was hooked. I sat there and let Shirley Manson's rich voice enthrall me through the rest of the cd. I went out immeadiately and found their first cd, which was just as good, but in a different way. That is what makes this a great band (among other things). THe ability to reinvent without loosing the soul/sound of the music.Two great albums. I can only hope that they grace us all with many more.
A must have. Not a bad song on the albumn.: this cd is even better than the first and if u are thinking about getting, it my advice is to go buy it. go spend a measly 15 bucks to get it, its well worth the money.
Rocks. Best. Get it.: Its amazing how this sounds very odd the first time around you hear it.. then slowly it just hits you and you can't stop listening to it. Also this cd is sorta more insane (literaly) than the first one. and its abit more slow paced. Rocks. Get it! Also, this is the cd that got me nuts about garbage too.
GREAT: Garbage rocks. Shirley Manson has a uniqe voice which is great. The music for this record are very expressive and the tunes are very singable.
the album grows on me...: I bought Garbage's first album first and I thought the album was great, boasting good tracks like Milk, Queer, Only Happy When it Rains, but the sophomore album was even better. 'Temptation Waits' started out with Manson's menacing voice with simplistic lyrics like, "I tell you something, I am a wolf but, I like to wear sheep's clothing." The second track had a rockier edge to it, and then slowed down with 'Medication'. And then it was fun all the way till "You Look So Fine" which ended the album with a sombre note, like how Garbage ended its first title with "Milk."A great buy, almost perfection - you will just repeat it again and again without losing interest.
Shirley...yum: Garbage is a band like no other. You really have to take a listen to this amazing band to realize how one incorporates so many styles into one little album.This album is packed FULL of classic Garbage songs that can really give you the chills. The opening track "Temptation Waits" was very eerie the first time I heard it and I loved it. The next track "I Think I'm Paranoid" has that heavy bass and light vocals that the band is known for, love the lyrics too.A great album for anyone looking to continue digging thru Garbage. A word of advice though...don't bother with beautifulgarbage if you are a rock fan...defienatley not impressive.
Shirley & The Boys Do It Again: Garbage deliver more terrific euro-trash rock on their second album, 1998's "Version 2.0". Another mix of crunching guitars, wild beats, groovy keyboards & effects, and the sensual voice of Shirley Manson, the band are still the frontrunners of modern rock, with such great, rockin' tracks as "Temptation Waits," "I Think I'm Paranoid," "Push It," and my personal fave, "Sleep Together." There's also playful pop-rock with "Special" (with Shirley tipping her hat to the Pretenders' Chrissie Hynde at the end), the delirious "Hammering In My Head," and the truly gorgeous "You Look So Fine." Fabulous music & production from a fabulous band, "Version 2.0" is essential Garbage.
Great show: Been watching this show on DVD since I got it. It made me even make want to get season 8 in the store which I did. It's a great show, one of my fav shows
GREAT: AFTER RECIVING THE 7TH SEASON SET AND IT WOULD NOT WORK...I MADE A SHORT PHONE CALL AND HAD A REPLACEMENT THE VERY NEXT DAY...WOW, WHAT SERVICE....MY GRAND-DAUGHTER ALSO THANKS YOU!!!
absolutely engrossing and wonderful movie: Disregard stories about how Hellman cooked up this story and then passed it off as true. Or about Redgrave's protest at the Oscars. Both apparently true (certainly the second one is). Just see this movie because it's simply one of the best movies and stories of all time. The script and acting are both top-notch.
Julia: If you like Jane Fonda or Vannassa Redgrave you'll like this movie.The content is dark but considering it's WWII that won't be a surprise. The movie is touching,sad,and in someways makes you feel nice about love and friendship and in another way makes us wonder how far we'd go in the name of friendship.
Review of JULIA: DVD arrived quickly and safely - good srvice would use these folk again. No problems encountered.First saw this film in the early 70's at a seaside picture plcae on the East Coast of England (Bridlington). Was charmed by thew story and the actors... Loved the moody scenery... The DVD reflected the original perfectly and was most enjoyable...
Glich Heaven: I bought this game thinking it was going to be cool as hell, But I was sadly mistaken when I got halfway through it and I kept hitting glich after glich. I thought it was my Xbox, but I took it to a friend's and glich after glich. I guess I got the worst game in history, but that's what happens when you get a massed produced game like this one
Wonderful flow: What a great video! I just received it and went through the routine. The flow was wonderful. (I am not a surfer, have never surfed, I was just looking for a good video, and everybody recommended this to me.) But maybe now I'll be surfing by summer!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !: There are many better yoga dvds to choose from. As a surfer, there is no special "surf yoga" as opposed to "regular" yoga. Any surfer who takes the time to practice yoga will benefit. Peggy's videos lack the vital instruction that beginners need to do poses properly without injury. It is a real shame as she has so many famous surfers supporting her efforts to spread yoga in the surf community. A better option is Shiva Rhea's Shakti yoga which provides excellent instruction AND a "yoga matrix" which allows you to create your own unique routines. Most DVDs become stale after awhile, but the yoga matrix on Shiva Rhea's dvd (in addition to the 4 ready-made routines), prevent this DVD from ever getting old.
Another Bogus "How to be a better surfer DVD.": This is perhaps the worst of all videos out today of its type. If you have a basic knowledge of yoga, you don't need this at all - you can create and tailor your own workout. If you don't know yoga, it's useless. The instruction is poor, peppered with a split screen of people surfing and practicing yoga (no wonder the surf mags think it's great!) with little, very poorly demonstrated techniques of basic yoga. In some scenes you can't even see their feet (a crucial failure) - even if the "instructor" says what to do. Save your money, take yoga long enough to learn it properly, then apply it to your own surfing. Yoga is great for surfing, but this is a poor video.
dont do it: If you know anything about yoga, do not buy this cd. The only positive parts is the location and view of the waves. This is more a novelty than useful. Honestly who does yoga in a wetsuit at pipeline..Try Ali McGraw's Video for a great intermediate yoga tape.
no book key: I purchased this book under the impression it had a book key for QUIA, required by my profesora.It didn't have any book key... so now i have to return it. And just buy the one from the bookstore, like I should have done from the beginning.Also UPS was a day late, and didn't leave the book as I requested by signing the "LEAVE PACKAGE" form left by the delivery man. I had to go pick it up myself because I'm never at home.
Needs some modification: This thing is ok. But realize, you must hold it onto your blow out port to make it work. Therefore you need 2 people to blow out your pipes. When you are blowing out an rv, constant air pressure is the key. So, saying that, i ripped off the needle and attached an air chuck fitting to it. Now I just screw this on, attach my air hose and pop on the compressor and I no longer need to hold it in place.
Nigerians! An Industrious People: When I selected this book I was looking for a book I could share with young children, ages 5 years and up, to give them a glimpse of Nigeria, its people and culture. I liked the photographs which accurately depicted various professions/lifestyles in Nigeria and some of them provide wonderful ideas for story book extensions. For example, the photograph of the grandmother making a traditional outfit could be complemented by presenting to the children a few yards of woven fabric that is typically used in Nigeria for such outfits. Other professional roles we see Nigerians in are: BAKER, DOCTOR, WOOD CARVER/CARPENTER, LAWYER, POTTER, BLACKSMITH and FINALLY THE TRADITIONAL NATIVE DOCTOR or HERBALIST who gives us an excellent botanist lesson on plants and their healing properties. All in all, it paints Nigerians as an industrious people, which is what we are.
If you love the songs on Noddy, DON'T BUY!!: My son was very excited as we put the CD in the player! But when the music started, he was very unhappy!! The songs don't sound anything like the ones on the show. The melody and pace are different- and the performers aren't interesting. DON'T BUY if you are familiar with the 'REAL' songs.
Nice Experience.: This is my first Lou Reed Video. I can honestly say that I enjoyed it. I have gained some new perspective on Lou's music. He is a true professional. Before I turned it on, I knew I would like my favorites, Sweet Jane and Walk on the Wild Side, but I found myself enveloped in the other songs, which I had never heard before. I was a casual Lou Reed Fan.I think if I liked it, then a real hardcore fan will love it.The video is high quality and the sound is great, it's like having a front row seat. I'm glad I purchased this one.
A rebuttal ...: ... to Jazzie of Hampstead, London. Don't know what you were looking at. Your last graf, where you make up some quote from Lou at the end of the show, is totally bogus. In fact, Lou says just the opposite. Pay no attention to that innacurate review. Lou has his good nights and his bad nights. This was one of the best performances of his career.
Native American Herbal Remedies: So far I really like it. It's very informative and useful. I would have given 5 stars but I have it on Kindle and in hindsight would have rather gotten the book in paper. It's difficult to "flip through the book" and find what you need. But I am fairly new to Kindle so maybe it's just me. Or old fashion enough to prefer a book in hand. But I do recommend it in whichever form you prefer.
blleeuurrgghhhh: i have listened to this single and i want to feed it to the garbage can man. I urge you to avoid it at all costs, you will not notice the insipidly simple tune working it's way into the core of your being and thus transform you into a similar state of insipid simplicity. For kylie minogue i can find many uses - for her music i find none.
Dad is in Trouble: This movie is about two twins who look alike and they are on there own soccer team.They switch teams without their mom nowing.
can't stand those male co-stars: I think this movie was great! I just couldn't stand the bad acting of the guy mary-kate's character liked. He seemed to be angry at her even when they were just talking. yuck!
bad acting: This movie had bad acting. The dad is dramactic and corney. The mom is just corney, and all of the soccer coaches are acting like it was big pro sports championship. The olson twins were corny but entertaining to watch. This movie is unrealistic that Emma (ashley) and Sam Mary Kate were on 2 different teams. (It's a rule that siblings be on same sports team) This movie has bad quality actors and a unrealistic plot.
Switching Goals - a very good movie: Switching goals was very good. The plot was better than the average Mary Kate and Ashley movie, but it wasn't as funny or had as good of acting as the others. This movie is good to watch a couple of times, but only a couple times. If you have extra cash though, I say get it. You won't regret it.
Entertaining, but freaky: My son wanted this video so we got it. There is a danger in making things that children think are REAL. Maybe a few more warnings in the video saying this is NOT real would be good.
Will bore you to death: Langston Hughes is definitely a better poet than he is a novelist. I found this book to be lack luster and boring. Although you may like a character or two...in general the characters were not developed nor were they intriguing. His wording lacked the rapture that we are accustomed to him delivering.
A good book: I really liked this book. The characters were intersting and the relationship Sandy had with his grandmother made me think of my grandmother. The book would be good for young people to give them a idea of what black life was like back in the 20's and 30's.
Not happy: I contact the company by e mail to return the product as directed the company e mails back to ask for a reason and if the product was opened I replied and the company DID NOT what is the next step to return the product ?????????????
Nice suit.: It is a great suit, great buy, great service all around! I would highly recommend anyone who is looking for a Frosty suit to buy one of these.
Worst test prep book I have ever used.: As other reviewers have suggested, this book is FULL of errors. I used this book (along with the official guide and the REA book which is much better) for my preperation and found it to be virtually useless. There are so many errors that I found myself unable to trust the book as a source on any information that I didn't already know to be accurate. Which of course defeats the purpose of a study guide. Many of the mistakes are obvious, but perhaps more problematic are the several instances where the author explains a subtle point in error.This book is not worth the time.
preliminary review: I just began using this book to review for the GRE in April. I haven't gotten very far into the book, but in the first 15 pages I have already found four seriously misleading errors (and that's just the ones I've caught!). Some of the equations (even the Henderson-Hasselbalch) they provide are wrong. There is even a convenient example worked out with an erroneous equation. You can use this book to learn about what topics you should study for the GRE, but do the actual studying from real chemistry textbooks.
Wild Wild West: This is an awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to. The Best songs on this cd are all of them. if you have not listened to this cd then i recommend you do
Isn't there a larger version of this game??: This is too small for the age of child it's designed for. I swear there used to be a larger version. Plus, it didn't survive more than a few sessions of our play group before the spring broke.
Disappointed: My 4 year old son received this as a Christmas gift. Once it was initally set-up he had a blast when the teeth chomped down on his finger (very gentle). However, after 2 rounds of play we were unable to get the teeth to pop back up or to get the rest of the teeth to push down. Needless to say he was very disappointed as was I. Does not appear to be very durable or we just got a bad one.
It's great when it works: I specifically bought this toy because it was self contained with no parts to loose. It was to be taken on a trip to visit with my 5 year old grandson. What fun! We laughed and pushed the teeth down while taking turns. Well, after less than a day the only tooth that would cause the jaws to snap was the center tooth. Not too much fun there. I feel I wasted my money.
the bad quality doesn't ruin the concert: yes this video is bad quality but it is great to see bowie and the spiders in their final concert, bad quality or not. I'm only 16 and obviously never had the privilidge of seeing them live so this is a great opportunity. I believe the Ziggy era was the most fascinating and exciting, adrogyny is the only way to go!
Goodfun: Imagine action films were 30 minutes long. There would be no time for sub-plots or romantic involvements or "No! You go on without me ...". All there would be is car chases and explosions. Godwill's book is rather like that.I liked it.Forget the measured blend of theory, fact and example which is the style of O'Reilly's authors. This book cuts to the chase, and it works.You see, Tomcat is a servlet runner. It isn't that interesting or even the best of breed (Jetty is way better). Tomcat is as interesting as what you do with it, and Goodwill drags you along through a flash tour of all the goodies.Its a bit like a night tour of Naples on the back of an Italian cigarette smuggler's Vespa. Somehow, at the end, despite not having understood much, you find you know your way around and feel comfortable exloring further on your own.Take it or leave it. That's just the kind of book it is.
Borinmg & dumb: A waste of time.Glory for old time movies that try to claim a life in a new world, and they don't.Don't bother, a nice tape to record over.And the last time I buy a film because Brandon Frazier is in it. Naked or not!
Best film of the year: One of the best films ever made, Gods and Monsters works on many levels. It presents the many roles men play -- gay/straight, husband/bachelor, parent/child, lover/monster, youth/elderly, whitecollar/bluecollar -- wrapped in a captivating story. Listen for the music; it's hauntingly beautiful.
See this movie just for Ian McKellen's performance!: "Gods and Monsters" is a superb movie about the last days of gay film director James Whale -- who directed "Frankenstein" and "Bride of Frankenstein". The acting is superb, especially Ian McKellan in the lead. I thought it dragged in a few areas, but on the whole it was a great movie.
best screenplays have more stability: One of the few recent films that I anticipated to be good and it exceeded my expectations.Sir Ian McKellen once again performs well. The real surprise here is Brendan Fraser. Thanks to Bill Condon's amazing screenplay, Fraser is study of expressive and innocent contrast to McKellen's anguished and self-defeated character. Make a point to get this one. Best screenplays consist of strong dialogue, pacing, and narrative. The Oscars are usually accurrate about that.
Tree arrived bent and poorly packed: The manufacturer packed this product so poorly that the plastic joints between sections of the tree were smashed, and the pole in the center of the tree was bent beyond redemption. I have no idea how this tree looked all put together since I had to repack it and send it back. Thankfully Amazon.com's return policy is generous and swift - they get five stars for service! In the meantime, it was a real tree for me again this year . . . I may try to go with an artificial one next year, but will not order one online again.
A Legendary story by Robert Creamer: Of the 200+ baseball books I've read, "Babe: The Legend Comes to Life" is my favorite. Creamer wrote the book while some of the old-timers were still alive, and this makes his story come to life. If you want to learn about Babe Ruth, this is the definitive book to read.
A Great Book on a Sports Legend: This book was excellent. The author gives us an intimate portrait of one of the greatest and most colorful athletes of the 20th century: Babe Ruth. Overall, we learn a lot about him and baseball during the roarong 20's into the 30's.My only issue was that I didnt like the way the book abruptly ended with his death. I would have liked to have read more about his funeral and the aftermath of his death. Plus I would have liked to learn more about how his legacy was treated the years after his death.Nevertheless, this book is a great read and I highly recommend it to any baseball or sports fan.
This will make your install a breeze. . .: My car is a 1994 Honda Civic EX. Save yourself a headache and get this if you have to replace your stereo. Plug and play.
Great summer read: This is the first book I've read by Meg Wolitzer, and overall, I enjoyed it. The plot brings three just-turned-thirty friends into close and prolonged contact with the 50-something mother of their recently deceased friend. Wolitzer is able to pull this off because she obviously likes all of her characters, their various flaws notwithstanding. She also has the type of sense of humor that allows her to ligthen things up when emotions and events threaten to drag things down too much. The strongest character is the Mother, Natalie, who is one of the more appealing baby boomers in recent fiction, and by no means a mere caricature. My only objection is that several secondary characters are not as clearly drawn as the main ones. But in fairness to Wolitzer, in most novels the reader would not even care about knowing more about such relatively minor characters, and it's only her gift for making you care that makes this an issue at all.
Gripping Novel About the Loss of a Child: The novel is a wrenching page-turner about a woman's loss of an adult daughter and her subsequent attempts to cope and live. The author artfully describes experiences of the mother and the dead woman's friends as they provide each other with memories and support needed to adapt to the sudden death of a young woman whom they loved. It is the best book I have read all year!
If I could rate it 0 stars, I would have!: I looked forward to reading yet another Meg Wolitzer novel, and I was very disappointed--in fact, I lost interest early on and never finished it. Some of the author's earlier works, such as Sleepwalking and Hidden Pictures, were excellent--what happened???
Helpful Start: Good book to start with; motivated me to get more books to read more about the nuances and subtleties about the game.
Sooo dissapointed: I got this book because it had such awesome reviews. I'm going to be taking a test in the near future, and you're allowed to use a medical dictionary, and I picked this one.I've been taking practice tests. On the first practice test I took, the first 6 out of 7 medical terms I tried to look up weren't in the book. I was stunned, and several of them were pretty basic words that I just wanted to get a very clear definition of.I'm not sure it's even going to be worth lugging this book to the test, or even keeping the book. I may just sell it and try another book.Jane
Material too flimsy: I bought this bed recently for my 9 year old lab mix. He doesn't dig, chew or abuse things in any way, so I wasn't concerned with getting a super abuse-proof bed. But after a couple of weeks of limited use I found a hole in the soft side of the bed. The fact that this side attracts hair is unfortunate, but a hole being made almost immediately makes this bed not worth buying. It may have been a decent design if it was made with sturdy materials. Very disappointing.
Disappointed: I love this video unfortunately it doesn't show on a Blue Rays DVD player. Which means I can't enjoy it :( I was a bit frustrated. However, other purchases in the past have been great through Amazon.
Looks & feels like a bootleg product.: My copy even has an arrow pointer on the front cover picture! Talk about lousy merchandising. No Dolby, much less DTS, only a PCM Stereo recording. Video is average. Like proper packaging and presentation were no more than an afterthought.All in all, this looks like a bootleg edition. And no, it's an official release. Amazing. Messy. What were they thinking?
Underappreciated Effort: While even some members of the Bonzos give this album low marks, I personally think Keynsham holds up very well. Without it we wouldn't have "You Done My Brain In," "Mr. Slater's Parrot," the definitive "Look At Me I'm Wonderful," "Quiet Talks and Summer Walks" or "Sport (the Odd Boy)," which would be a damn shame no matter how you slice it. While this did prove to be the end of the line (Let's Make Up and Be Friendly notwithstanding), there still seemed to be a lot of gas left in the tank.
Awesome!: I Love this. My kids have so much fun with these. They are strong and hold up to ruff play. They shoot water clear accross the pool.
A look at a distant past: I found it interesting. It will be used in an adult ed. class. I will have a better idea of its uses after the class meets and discusses the poems, how it reflects the times and how comfortable gabirol was in Medieval Spain
Excellent Translation!: If you follow my reviews, you know that I am Anglo Catholic and that the 2 versions I use most are the "Good News" and the ORIGINAL "Revised Standard." I have respect for the "King James," the "New King James," the "Jerusalem," the "English Standard Version," and the "Holman Christian Standard." I do NOT like the NIV or the NRSV. Onto the subject at hand. The NASB is widely praised as the most literally accurate version. It does not contain the Apocrypha. But being that this is a Protestant Bible, we can't really hold that against it. The NASB is widely accepted in Protestant churches. For the most part, it is carefully literal. I consider it an interesting cross between the "Revised Standard" and the "New King James." My one slight complaint is that it is not quite as beautifully written as the "Revised Standard." But that said, the "New American Standard" is excellent.
One of Clftons great ones: I love all of Clifton Webb films, this one really extracts his serious side of acting. great film of the era, he is truly the one of the best actors of his time.
PURE JUNK: SO CHEAP AND POORLY MADE THAT WHEN YOU USE THE ITEM IT CUTS YOUR FINGER, EVERY SINGLE TIME
Poor example. The homework problems like hell: The examples which were given in the textbook were way too simple when you compare to the homework problems. Never explain how to do bode plot at all. I am glad I know how to do differential equations before taking the class, otherwise, to use the method that taught by this book, I would be dead. They never explain well on those differential equations and the concept behind.
Misleading title: A book with a heavily religious slant. Anyone expecting a scientific discussion of sexual addiction should be prepared to read that "God has responded to the arrogance of the human heart by turning people over to the control of their evil desires".
Propaganda: As a Psychologist specializing in the field of sexual health, I am utterly shocked and dismayed at this book. For those suffering from sexual addiction or for their partners who are looking for some peace, please do not invest in this propaganda. This book is not based on the science of either psychology or sexual health and is nothing more than the worst aspect of religious dogma and will ultimately result in further suffering. This type of hate mongering, intolerant, uneducated mindset is what has led to many of history's most devastating atrocities, done in the name of "God." A basic ethic of psychology and counseling is that that counselor or professional does not impose his or her own values upon their patients. Shame on you for writing such a book and calling yourself a counselor. You are an embarrassment to those of us who have dedicated our lives to trying to relieve human suffering.
Excellent information: This book was suggested to me by a counselor I was seeing to help me deal with the fallout of my husbands confession of sexual addiction. We both read the book and it truly helped both of us to understand some of the underlying issues associated with this addiction. There is so much information in this book and I would highly reccomend it to anyone facing this kind of situation.
Great Concert - Bad DVD: I have had this concert on VHS for almost 20 years and have been waiting for the DVD. I just purchased this today and to my surprise it seems like the picture and audio are not in sync. The sound and picture are about a second off from each other. Did anyone else encounter this problem or did I just get a bad DVD.
Great deal on a fine subwoofer: I recently replaced my 14 year old Velodyne FSR-12 with the DD-15. I did so because the FSR-12 was struggling in our new house with larger great room, and because the DD-15 was on sale due to its being replaced soon by the DD-15 Plus (at considerably higher price).The DD-15 is cruising in our new house. It really provides the bottom end that my Klipsch Heresies cannot. And it does not run out of steam at high volume, like the FSR-12 did.I am mainly a music guy, not so much into home theatre. The DD-15 brings music to life and makes the singers and instruments seem to be in the room with you. Everything you need is included, and the calibration software is a snap to use. The cabinetry is first rate. I got the cherry finish, and although I can't tell if it is really cherry; I would not bet money against it. It looks that good.I am quite pleased with Velodyne as a company, and I love my DD-15.
This Book is NOT for NXT: It's a great book. But the Mindstorms microproessor is now NXT -- it has been updated. Until this book is updated, you'd be better off to find a good book which is based on the NXT system.
Practical Guide When Making This Challenging Decision: No one can tell you what the experience of changing churches is like unless they have been there! This book is presented with wise counsel from ministers who have been there. Much of the advice you receive first hand on this subject is less than adequate because it is not thorough. When you study all of these essays together they are sincere, simple, and complete. This is a must read for those who are stuggling with the choice to move. The one knock I would make on the book is that sometimes it is not time to move and the book says very little about when to stay where you are. More detail should be given to the decision making process.
Excelente: Tego es la fuerza en la musica latina. Es una tremenda mezcla de son, salsa, reggaeton y hip-hop. Que estupendo!!!!!!!
definitely the best horror\suspense book I know: Since you open the book you cannot close it,you have to go through, to dive in the horror, in the thrill, in the lush. Stephen King fans, please find "Disturb not the dream" by Paula Trachtman and read it once, read it twice then give it to your friends, this is the real thing, it is a must.
why?: This is a terrific recording. Rob Brown is simply one of the most interesting alto saxophonists playing today. A keening, strident tone with an attack that is relentless; he takes his time building momentum and surprises with twists and turns but never loses his footing. When you play this recording it is difficult to do anything else but listen; it is that captivating.Lou Grassi and Wilbur Morris don't just sit in the back seat for this ride. They compliment the leader and provide idiomatic support all the way through.It is an amazing ride and one that I will continue returning to. Rob Brown is one of a small handful of players who always provides the goods. All of his efforts are worth investigating. If you can find this one, it's a real jewel.
chuck: This a good movie in the same vain as most of Chuck Norris's films, plenty of action, a must have for your collection.
Memory Lane: I saw the movie based on this book when it came out in the 70's and I recommended it to my daughter. When we found that it is virtually impossible to get a copy of the movie (it never came out on DVD and I no longer own a VHS player), I explored the option of reading the book. I was intrigued when I realized that the book was written in the 60's - a bit of a cultural leap from the 70's, when the movie was produced - so I decided to give it a read. Although I didn't grow up in the priveleged classes of Manhattan, I was a teenager throughout the 60's and I could relate to the times. It seemed a little milder in some respects from what I remember of the movie (and my memory is not the greatest), but it was a thoroughly enjoyable read.
Love these little smoker bisquettes.: I love the Bradley smoker and these little bisquettes it uses. It is so easy to use. We've used the mesquite and pork and chicken. It's all turned out great.
the best kept secret anti aging creams on the planet: Have been using Exuviance products for many years they are the best. Its too bad they are not widely known. Everyone would look a lot younger!!! Exuviance should be advertising their products.
Doesn't fit my situation.: My fault. I received it OK but it just doesn't work on my water heater. I must not have checked it enough. It was a bad impulse buy for me.
One of the Best Romances I have Read: This is the first book from Candice Porter I have read and I cannot wait to begin reading her other novels. From the minute I read the first page, I knew that this book would be original and hard to put down. The characters are believable and Ms. Proctor's writing is so detailed that you feel you are there with them throughout the book. I would definitely recommend this book - you will not be sorry that you bought it!
Underrated album: I almost didn't buy this album after hearing some of the two star reviews from the others, but I took a chance on it, and I give it 4 stars. "Put It Where You Want It" is excellent, both in track one and the jamming version on track 11, and "Roll With It" is also excellent. There's no question that it's hard to beat some of Larry's finest songs. My personal favorite is "Smiles and Smiles to Go" and it's hard to beat his old album "Discovery". But if you're a Larry Carlton fan, I think 4 stars is about right for this one.
lo mejor del cine español: esta pelicula es una de las mejores que e visto alex se luce dando una clase de road movie con gore al por mayor esta pelicula no es apta para personas sensibles esta al nivel de asesinos por naturaleza de oliver stone
Well made but extremely skewed: This BBC produced docudrama displays its roots - the British apparently cannot get beyond the fact that Wernher von Braun was the mastermind behind the V2 program. I can't say I blame them, that's human nature, but it must be factored in by viewers who are not fully aware of the facts. After watching this program, an uninformed viewer would be left with the impression that virtually everyone working on the American program was morally, intellectually and patriotically inferior to their Russian counterparts.Viewers will probably enjoy the drama but should take it cum grano salis.
Well worth watching: The Space Race wasn't quite as one sided as one might believe. This series outlines the benefits of Capitalism over Communism but also shows serious flaws in NASA work to "get man to the moon before this decade is out".
Not one of Rinaldi's "masterpiecies", yet not so bad: Well, to be really honest with you, I didn't like this book. Personally, I though Ann Rinaldi could've done a little better. Some parts are interesting and maybe even suspensful, but the rest is kind of dull. At some points in the book, Emily, the main character, is lying so much to her Uncle Valentine and is being so selfish, it's like, "okay, so when's she going to tell the truth or at least realize what she has done?"
This was not one of her best books, yet not a failure.: This book is really exciting;from the first chapter only. I am going to be honest with you, because if I raved about how wonderful and exciting this book was, it would be a lie. It was written with appropreate remarks and English grammer, but sometimes storys just don't get you in the heart. This perticular one didn't. But there are her other books, which I would say, are a masterpiece!
An Aquaintance With Darkness: This book was an absolute joy to read. It immersed you into the characters. You felt totally attached to them. It let me in to a new aspect of the Civil War that I had never seen before...it was interesting and definitely not boring. This book is what I call a "people-y" book. She forms the characters so that they seem like real people, with real problems.
Excellent!: This was the first book I had read by Ann Rinaldi and I loved it! I have read many other books by her since then. At first I thought I would not like this book because it takes place over 100 years ago, but I was wrong. Rinaldi draws you into the book. The main character, Emily, is very likable. She's not perfect. She has some flaws, like when she thinks her problem with her uncle is worse then when her friend's mother is arrested and may be put to death. The novel is also very historically accurate. Before I never knew grave robbing had been a problem in the 1800's. I highly reccomend this book
A story based on a song: As soon as I had read the first few sentences of the review I immediately knew that the author had based this story on a song by Loreena McKennitt called "The Highway Man", from her 1997 CD "Book of Secrets". Since Ms. McKennitt is on of my favorite composers I had to read the book.Unfortunately the book did not do justice to the song or the woman who wrote the song. Did the author have permission to write this. I'm sorry but listening to the song is preferable.
Well, we couldn't get Yoko Kanno, so here's Yoko Ono instead: What can I say? This CD is pretty much everything the other Cowboy Bebop CD's aren't. It's pretty much either 1) Take a perfectly good track and ruin it by throwing a lot of drums on top (Vibert) or 2) as far as I can tell, calling a mediocre lifeless piece of electronic pap by the same name as a totally dissimilar but good track off another CD (4 Hero). Either way, the originals far outshine any of the pointless meddling done on this CD.On the does/doesn't include Vitaminless topic, I got this album by mistake. I ordered Vitaminless but what I got was a double CD of this and Vitaminless. I can't imagine a more mistaken pairing.
Hawaii in a bottle: I love this stuff! I first bought in Hawaii and it made my skin feel and smell so wonderful. So I bought it online to bring me back to those great hawaii memories when I cant be there in person!
Kinuko San is back?: I have not heard this album, but for those of you who remember the ORIGINAL Priss from the BubbleGum Crisis, Hurricane should be on here! if not than it is not her best!
Comprehensive guide to ski touring in the Tahoe ares.: My copy of this book is nearly destroyed from all the use it receives. This book is not just for winter. Many of the tours described have also turned out to be excellent mountain bike routes and hiking trips. The descriptions of the areas the routes traverse could be expanded, but the route information itself is first class.
Do your homework: This product works great, BUT you will need a different driver (see Ralink website for it). I run both Xp Pro and XP 64 bit and I had some problems. This product did not work the same with both versions of XP without the driver from Ralink, included software had problems with my Netgear router. (speed was not fast or consistent.)
Una porqueria no compre: Total porqueria de repente dejo de conectarse, veo todas las redes pero no puede conectarse. lo barato sale caro
Math made easy: This product was just how I remembered it when I used it 30 years ago. Yes the answers are hard to see until you press down real hard. But that is how it was 30 years ago and I did not expect anything different. I would recommend this product to anyone trying to teach their kids addition and subtraction.My children look at it like a computer and love playing with it. It gives them instant answers when they press down and they like that satisfaction.
Average Book: The book wasn't as great as the reviews said it was. The explanation on many of the topics was sketchy and didn't have the detail I expected (e.g. AWT). It's probably a better book if you already know Java and are looking to catch some of the finer points. I don't recommend it for absolute beginners.
Some one has an EGO problem.: I previously wrote a scathing review of this bad book. And I was quite annoyed to find that some one posing to be me, Michael G from Passaic NJ, said that I was mistaken for my previous diatribe of the book. I'm not sure who it was. Obviously someone figured that I was not going to read the reviews again. I'm not sure who it was.I still maintain that the beek is BAD. It seems that some one is trying to sell this at all costs. This makes me very suspicious of all Amazon reviews. Sorry :(MG
Legend or the truth?: The Hound of the Baskervilles is a true mystery classic by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It tells of Sherlock Holmes and his trusty comrade, Dr. John Watson. This extraordinary pair has solved dozens of mysteries times before, but now come to their most difficult case. Years ago, Hugo Baskerville was killed by a monstrous hound. This curse of the hound has haunted all the Baskervilles who come to live at the Baskerville Hall. Sir Charles goes to live there, but soon is found dead, scared to death. His only relative, Sir Henry Baskerville, goes to live at Baskerville Hall accompanied by Holmes and Watson. All along the way, they are left mysterious clues that eventually help them unlock the killer. I really liked this classic who-dun-it because around every corner was a twist. It kept you guessing until the end and was really upbeat.
for this particular edition: Seeing as how Series 2 of "Sherlock" has yet to make it to the United States, I was hoping that this would be the script, or at least an adaptation of the script to a novel format. Sadly, this was not the case.I confess that I fail to see how this series (of BBC Books) distinguishes itself from the other (often free) editions, much less the compilations, available in the Kindle store. There is a new introduction by a member of the BBC's "Sherlock" staff and company, but that scarcely justifies the cost.The text itself is the standard text by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle which speaks for itself.
A Sherlock Holmes Story Starring...Dr. WATSON!: Well, you don't get much of Holmes in this story, and many folks either neglect to mention that or just don't notice. I figure they don't notice because it's such a darn good read. At first, it's TALK, TALK, TALK. But the restlessness left me with oncoming chapters and I became engrossed. Read it!
Don't waste your time on this edition!: As other reviewers have pointed out, this particular Kindle version is broken: any passages in the original which appeared in italic type have failed to be transcribed, leaving large gaps in the narrative, especially at the beginning.Therefore I rate this edition one star.
MISSING TEXT!!!!!!: This review is NOT on the quality of the story. I love this book, however.... This edition is missing text. Whenever character reads out of a newspaper or other document, the entire txt of that newspaper or document is missing from this Kindle edition! I've no idea which version to spend the dollar on to get the complete text, but its frustating as this was my first download.
Plastic limitations: When I got the product and opened the box, the literature said that you cannot use the kind of shower head that has a valve that turns off the flow. This is because the filter housing is plastic and is subject to cracking or bursting if you turn off the flow downstream from the filter.That's the kind of shower head I have, and I like to use the valve feature. I really really wish that eGeneralMedical had said this in their (limited) online literature. And they expect me to pay the return shipping and a 15% restocking fee!
Great John Wayne Movie, YOOOOOOOOOOOOO!: Its a strange size for my TV, but, its a 1948 movie, so its exceptional! I have wanted this movie for years so I bought it!
Disappointing: I got this video on loan from Netflix. As a railfan, I was extremely disappointed in this. The show was nothing like I had anticipated it being like. And the host is just plain annoying trying to emulate Emeril Lagasse
My 5 year old is obsessed!!!!!: Great video. My son cant get enough of this. Any child or adult who loves trains will enjoy this DVD,
Rad! Or as they say in Dutch, heel goed!: I love Holland and the Dutch language, and my Dutch penpal sent me a tape with various Dutch artists. I love "Dromen Zijn Bedrog", which is a mix of sort of modern-90s music, techno, and a chorus in the background. Fast and energetic! I don't recall the other songs too well but this album is awesome. Go Dutch!
One of the most AWESOME books I've ever read !: John Bunyan's, "Pilgrim's Progress"has to be one of the most captivating books ever written. This book should be "required reading" in today's school system. From the verybeginning Mr.Bunyan spins the tale of a journey that is most fantastic! Thur perils unbeliveable he somehow overcomes tremendous odds ofcompleting it. But yet he does andthe rewards are magnificent. A MUSTFOR ANYONE BORN AGAIN!!!!!
practical guide to modern christian living: in this book, buyan writes about average everyday things of the 1700s, and about the christian plight of that time. i found it remarkable how truth does not change '.'
Best Unknown Artist: What a great voice and masterful delivery of material. Someone else wrote sexy with a capitol S but that is insufficient. I'm not a big jazz fan and I guess this is not classic jazz but some sub-genre that really turns me on. Somehow the instrumentation, which is good, fades into the backround because Christy's voice is so present and distinctive. I can't tell you how many times I've played this cd and chosen it over my favorite classic rock. Its a great album to enjoy when you're happy just being by yourself and also a very nice listen when you're with someone special. I'm so glad I found some other music by her and I surely hope there is more comming. By the way, it has a couple of cuts that don't feature her and they are interesting and don't detract from the album. Also, I read in one of her bios that she starred in an indie movie called Pants on Fire. You can bet I'll be watching that if I can locate it.
Not as good as the other album!: I was excited to get my Steppin' album because I loved the other album of Christy Baron (I thought about you). However, I was a bit disapointed beacause it was so inferior compared to I thought about you. I was expecting more of Christy Baron's sultry renditions of real accoustic jazz but what I got was some sort of a synthesized versions. It's still a good album but it's nothing like the other one. If you can only buy one album of Christy Baron, don't get this one.
In a word...: painful. Neither Paltrow nor Beckinsale were perfect either, but this one was appalling.This movie is packaged in 2 cassettes, and I couldn't even make it through the first one. Where do I begin? The hair was awful (especially Mr. Elton's), the casting was awful (Jeremy Northam will always be Mr. Knightley to me), the costumes were awful (zippers, anyone?). I hung in as long as I could to see what they did with Frank Churchill, but I just couldn't go on. So sad...My feeling about a good adaptation is that it should make you want to run out and buy the book. I'm glad I'd already read Emma 4 or 5 times because this movie certainly would not have made me desperate to read the book. I probably would have run screaming in the other direction.I did like their take on Mr. Woodhouse though. Thank Goodness for small favors!
No ADA seal of approval: I have this toothpaste and the ADA seal of approval is nowhere to be found on the tube. It doesn't whiten either.
I found this product for $7.99 today...: I found this exact same product for $7.99 today at Walgreens. This is a sale price, however, even regular price is less than this. I feel some/many of the mega diaper packs on amazon are a good deal, but not this one.
Holds #1, not #2: The title says it all. I never had a trouble with #1 leaking, but almost everytime my breastfed son has a BM (which are usually somewhat loose), it leaks out the back or leg area. Perhaps it happens because the waistband isn't stretchy. I'm not going to buy these diapers again.
cool!: claudia and shea are both in trouble at school. If they fail one more language test, she may not past the sunject. so what they do is to help each other and that's where they become friends.
Marlon Brando: A good, but slow performance by Brando. The girl should be in future films. Mature Only.
Horrible!: Brando is my favorite actor and he's known for taking on anyrole and doing a great job. He did a great job on this film too but he should have walked away from this one. I am an admirer of "off the edge" movies and themes that are hard to take....However, this film leaves the viewerwith only one thought "Bertolucci is a filthy, lecherous old man". I rarely HATE a movie but this bankrupt, purely perverted film is just AWFUL. Hope Brando made a lot of money at least.
Well made, but depressing.: This is another "artistic" movie. The acting was very convincing and all the stuff they say about the powerful acting of Marlon Brando and the convincing youth and innocence of the one-hit-wonder girl that starred with him is valid. It was worth watching, but probably not worth owning. It's ultimately very depressing and doesn't really leave you holding on to anything. The sex scenes were pretty explicit, but not really anything you couldn't see in a 'hard-R' movie today. Buy it for the acting, not the story.
Useless: The DVD will not play. It goes thru the process of downloading until the last point & then says that it is not programed for downloading. I would like to send it back for a DVD that will play.
Another great book in the series: I really love this book just as much as the two before it. I just don't want the series to end because I'm enjoying it so much.
The single creepiest film of the year !!!: At the risk of repeating what all the other reviewers have stated, let me just say that this was as finely crafted a scarfest since the first Alien film. Writer/Director Neil Marshall is to be commended for creating a first rate horror film that, for once, doesn't rely on all the hacneyed tricks and CGI effects that have come down the pike in the last several years as well as utilizing cast of unknowns who also can't act to save their lives. This cast of unknowns are all good actors and handle their roles admirably. The score by David Julyan is the perfect accompaniment to Marshall's film and the cinematography and editing by Sam McCurdy and Jon Harris respectively combine to make this the true jewel of horror films.I normally don't purchase films of this ilk but after renting the film and getting the bejesus scared out of me I just had to own a copy. I would therefore recommend this film to anyone who enjoy their shocks and frights at high octane levels.
VERY BAD MOVIE: This is a lame and completely unbelievable movie straight from the 1950s-type phony monsters. A group of women decide to spelunk, with no "flight plan" filed with anyone. Then of course one of them chooses to take the rest into an unexplored cave without mentioning to the others that it could be is dangerous. With friends like that.....Then of course, in the cave, blind monsters (people in rubber suits) show up to murder all the women.First of all, why would such strong, fearless women in the beginning of the movie suddenly turn into cringing, screaming, and hysterical stereotypes.Secondly, the monsters are so badly done that one expects to see zippers on the back of their rubber suits.Steer clear of this movie. It is horrible. I was embarrassed for the filmmakers.
Awful Waste of Money!: This tape should be sold as an audio only. The cave scenes are so dark, it is pointless to watch; the direction is poor; character development doesn't exist. It is too bad the rating system does not have a choice of zero or negative stars.
movie was a waste of money: this movie totally sucks. i only spent 13 dollars on it and i still think i wasted my money. the monsters were so fake and it took like an hour before anything happened. the only cool part was at the begining when that guy died from that pole. thats it, the movie sucked dont buy it.
trash, i wish I could give it no stars!!!!!!: I love horror movies!!! But this is really a horrible movie, the gore looks fake and a lot of it appears to be cg although some real props were used. The actresses were very bad at acting, and not in that cool b-horror movie way either, they suck. I know tons of gore fans like myself may like this movie but its trash,THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THAT IT IS ONLY 90 MINUTES LONG!!!!!!Guess I will start having to go back to the Asian import shop for good horror.
over rated: had been given such a write up on this - disappointing to say the least. No shocks - highly predictable - and with a theme that has been done to death!!
This book is great!: I used this book for an entomology class at my college, and I think it is great! Wanting to be an entomologist and knowing a lot of information about the subject already, I still didn't find it boring or tedious, and people who know nothing about insects can understand it pretty easily too. I highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in entomology and what the subject entails.
Presto, chango, Magic is fun...WE'RE DEAD!: I saw this when I was 12 years old and it freaked the shiznit out of me - low on gore, high on psychological thrils, MAGIC is an old-school horror flick of the classic kind - anchored by Anthony Hopkin's early bravura dual performance as Corky/Fats - but what I remember most about MAGIC isn't the movie, but the scary as hell TV spots that used to run back in the 70s on late-night TV - the bonus materials explain that after the simple, yet very creepy TV ads ran ONCE on TV in New York, they were pulled due to parental complaints about frightening their little tots - they're weren't far of the mark - as the camera pulls in and "Fats" intones his evil poem - "Magic is fun...we're...DEAD!" - you'll feel your blood turn to ice. A nice DVD to complete your horror collection - [...]
Creepy old Anthony Hopkins film: Magic stars Anthony Hopkins long before Silence of the Lambs. His character "Corky" is a magician who can't seem to catch a break. He decides to try his luck at using a ventriloquist doll during his act and he becomes a success. His ventriloquist partner "Fats" starts to take over Corky's thoughts and motives. The success that his act has brought him starts to push him further into insanity and he runs off to escape with Fats. It is at this point that Corky's weird life begins to fall apart. He finds his long lost love and her violent drunk husband when Fats decides to take over. I remember seeing this movie as a kid and it really scared me. Just the thought of a doll coming to life is a bit disturbing. Great movie!
harassing bears?: Cole is in the news for all the wrong reasons: "Photographer, bear advocate cited for getting too close to bruins," by Scott McMillion, Bozeman Daily Chronicle, 3/25/05. Cole has been cited for harassing bear in Yellowstone National Park. He hasn't had his day in court yet, but you've got to wonder. It's easy to get close-up photos of grizzly/brown bears at designated (and well-managed) bear viewing areas in Alaska and Canada. To get publishable photos of grizzly bears in Yellowstone or Glacier, you've got to get so close you put yourself in danger and run the risk of driving the bears away from food they need or a place they want to be. Grizzlies are a threatened species in the lower 48 states. Why bother them when you can get photographs of grizzlies in Alaska without stressing the bears? What kind of bear advocate would do that?
THE best book for AP spanish!: This book is the absolute best buy for AP Spanish Language preparation. It goes through every aspect of the test and has a very thorough review of all grammar tested in the exam (although I thought that they had a little more then what was needed). The practice tests accurately measure with the difficulty and format of the real test. Having a bad situation with an inexperienced teacher, I picked up this book and used it for self-study. It helped me greatly, and in the end, I received a 4 just by going through it myself and practicing.
great lil printer, BUT: I bought this to replace my original HP 4L Laser jet after 15 years. This seems to do a great job so far, much faster downloads and clean print,BUT BEWARE.... IT DOES NOT COME WITH A USB CORD TO CONNECT, so if the printer your replacing has the old stle connecter (as mine did) be ready to spend another $35.00 for a usb cord. That is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.
good printer: I have bought this printer for my personal use at home.It is good and reliable printer for the price.Somehow, it arrived with software instalation CD in a forein language which was a big inconvenience.The white color chose by manufacturer is a questionable. It is a white spot in a room and I bet for many households it can be a problem.Also, lack of any controls buttons is inconvenient to restart a job even after paper reload.
A quiet workhorse!: Bought this and just to test if I would keep it, I printed a huge database file of 16,000 pages which took me almost 20 hours between personal breaks and only five cartridges. The guide says don't do that, but I did it, and this 1020 printer did not fail once. Wow! (Needless to say, I kept it!)
Great printer, unless you're using Vista: I like this printer a lot and would probably have given it 5 stars, but it gets a major demerit thanks to the fact that it does not work with computers running Vista. HP will not be releasing the drivers until July of this year. So if you want to print now and not wait six months, and you've already upgraded to Vista, I recommend getting a different printer. Hopefully HP will get the message and release some drivers. Vista has been in beta for a long time, so I find this delay to be inexcusable.
1020 printer stopped working after few months: I can't beleive this printer only worked for 3 months. I bought it last Dec, but only start to use it 3 months ago. Now it stopped working. Does anybody know this printer has any warranty? Thanks!
Excellent Entry Level Laser Printer: If you need a home light duty printer that provides professional laser printed documents perhaps say for a small home business or a private laser printer for an executive's office this is perfect. It is not for huge jobs or big projects but for the little jobs that need professional flair.
Great Read - Suspenseful: When I first started reading the book I kept putting it down, it just wasn't grabbing my attention, but once I got further into the book my curiosity got the best of me. I couldn't put the book down. I could not believe that a woman would do the things that she did. Adrian Jenkins was confused and deceitful. All hell does break loose. Gregory's relationship with his mother was sad. I understand her point for leaving but at the same time it was selfish. It not only destroyed Gregory but it also destroyed his little sister. I am definately looking forward to her next book.
classic: hardly ever see this movie on tv..so i had to order..love it a must see!! went see it at the old movie house with my school when i was a kid...never forgotten it!!
WHAT!!!: Don't buy it. If Meth's new album isn't at least ten times better than this, then rap is officially dead, and the only thing that can resurrect it is a Bone Thugs reunion.
A classic!: Of all the albums we bought in the 70s this is one of my favorites! When I get in the mood for reggae I usually start here with 'Let my days be long' (or 'Revolution' on Marley's 'Natty Dread'). It is 'religious', as others have mentioned, but that shouldn't be a problem if you appreciate different styles(?) of reggae. Did I forget to mention 'Super Ape' or Augustus Pablo? Man.
Design flaw prevents easy installation: For a 1/2" slip-mount installation, this diverter spout is not worth the trouble.You must unscrew the diverter's plastic nipple, remove a plastic adapter, slide it on the copper pipe, screw the plastic nipple back on, tighten the screw so as to punch a hole in the plastic, slide the plastic nipple back toward the wall, tighten the screw, and then screw the spout on after applying thread tape. That seems straightforward, but in practice it's very difficult.The problem is that the plastic nipple is too small to fit 1/2" copper pipes longer than about 1" from the wall. The instructions say that the pipe can be up to 2-3/4" long, but actually this is wrong. At first I struggled with trying to install it, then broke the plastic when I could not force it to go all the way in.I elected instead to go withMoen 3808BN Kingsley Slip Fit Tub Diverter Spout, Brushed Nickel, which simply slips in and then tightens with a screw, with almost no effort.
Love old recipes: thanks for compiling these recipes. They were fun to read, and although I am certain that I am not going to make any of them, it was fun reading them.
I want to like this.: The tracks are great.The playing (might be) great.The recording quality is wretched.I hate to say that, but it is that bad.
Shame on you, Mr Coffee!: Jeez, I figured you guys KNEW about coffee! This is a terrible excuse for a warmer. It keeps your coffee slightly above body temperature, not nearly warm enough to be pleasant. I bought two of them and am tossing them out. Anyone considering this item? DON'T buy one!!!
Great gift: I was given this as a christmas gift, and it's more than lived up to my expectations.It won't heat a cold cup of coffee, but it will keep a cup at a very nice temperature for a very long time.Works best if you actually drink the coffee, the less coffee in the cup, the more effective it is... A full cup of coffee left for a couple hours will moderately warm, but if you actually drink the coffee slowly over time, the end will still be a good temp.
Mr. Coffee Warmer: The warmer keeps the cup at an acceptable temperature and looks great on the desk. The warming light is very useful in reminding me if the unit is on or off. I could not be more pleased with this product and the cost was perfect.
Mr Coffee mug warmer: I have used a Dazey and it worked great. The Mr Coffee keeps it a little warm but I like my coffee hot.
Warm, not hot: This is my second coffee warmer. I lost my first one, a no-name cheap model that worked beautifully, so I bought two of the Mr. Coffee version, one for me and one for my spouse. It really won't maintain the temperature of the coffee until your cup is down to about 1 ounce left. I would not recommend this product. We had the same experience with both Mr. Coffee warmers, so it wasn't a case of a defective item. It just doesn't work.
Very nice product: I have been using this product for a few weeks. I have a ceramic tea pot that I use to make a few cups of tea at a time, and the tea was getting cold way too quickly. This product keeps my whole pot of tea nice and warm for as long as it takes me to drink -- which has been up to about six hours. I'm getting ready to buy a second one for my tea cup, so my tea stays warm once I pour it from the tea pot.
Doesn't keep coffee warm: Purchased this in 2010. Doesn't keep coffee warm. Well, barely warm -- but significantly cooler than I'd like. My preference is a cup that is almost as warm as when it is first poured -- not crazy hot, but more than lukewarm. This isn't even close. And don't even think that it can warm up a cup that has started to cool because you've been carrying it around for a few minutes.
Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer: The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer truely is a mug warmer. I use it daily. My mug is warm, but my beverage isn't.
Good heat, limited space: The warmer works just fine at keeping coffee warm. The switch on the body of the unit is easy to locate (as opposed to one on the cord). The one downside is that it is too small to hold a very large mug. I guess it just holds the standard size.
Works pretty well for regular sized mugs: The hot plate part is not big enough to fit the Starbucks "city" mugs, so note that. But a smaller mug (a.k.a. regular sized or one that doesn't have a wide base) will fit fine. I agree with other reviewers who said that it keeps drinks warm when full and hotter when less full. I think the product description should specify the size mug that fits. i will keep it because it works well.
Works Well Keeping Coffee Warm: This works well to keep your coffee warm longer. It doesnot keep hot like when it comes out of the coffee makebut it does keep it warm long enough for you to finish yourcoffee.
Awesome!!!!: I'm a huge tea drinker & I enjoy drinking coffee. But with my work, I'm constantly running around the office so if it wasn't for this warmer, my coffee & tea would be ice cold, but this warmer really keeps it luke warm. But of course the first few times there was a smell when my metallic mug is placed on the warmer. But now the smell is gone.
Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer / Disappointed: It does not keep coffee very warm.I can lay my hand on the warming plate with no discomfort.Hope that paints the picture you need.
Worthless Piece of Crap!: This thing needs a High Med Low setting cause the only setting it has is Low. I made a cup of really nice organic Japanese Shade grown tea ($40 an ounce) and asked my wife to bring me an ice cube to warm it up after it had been on the heater for 10 minutes. The pad gets pretty hot, but not near hot enough to keep a cup of coffee hot. After something has been sitting on it for about 10 - 15 minutes you can gulp it with no fear of getting burnt. A Worthless piece of Crap. I will see if it works as a candle warmer.
Not happy with this one!: I have not experienced an even warm cup of tea let alone hot since using this product. I tried pre-heating it and still no results. Very disappointed. I positively don't recommend this product.
Doesn't keep coffee hot: Only keeps coffee tepid at best. Actual element gets very hot; it just doesn't reach the coffee. Item is small enough to stay on the table. It makes an expensive coaster.
Disappointed: I am very disappointed in the Mr. coffee cup warmer. My coffee is really hot when I first put it on however on theMr. Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmerin less than an hour the coffee is luke warm. I can't stand luke warm coffee so it is useless in my opinion. Don't waste your money. Why can't they make a good coffee cup warmer? I am still looking
disappointment: I was a great fan of the Mr. Coffee MUG-ACTIVATED warmer. The ones I had finally gave out so I looked to buying more, and some for friends. I could find only the "on/off switch" warmer (although it was initially called "mug-activated" on the screen) so ordered 2. As already stated, the coffee is kept only warm, and you definitely have to remember to turn OFF the warmer or you could return hours later and find it still ON, which could be a danger. I have been unable to find a mug-activated warmer, but continue the search because I do not believe this "on/off switch" is any good.
What a rip off!: Three criticisms:1. The narrator didn't explain the phenomenon of Waterpocket Fold.2. $3.00 for ten minutes!3. Cheesy coloration.
westmoreland glassware review: Great history of the company, but I was disappointed in the little milk glass content. The author talks about how important the opal (milk) glass line was for business, but does not offer much samples of it in the book.
DISAPPOINTING: This is a difficult book to rate because it is strong on a few points, but extremely weak on others. It provides the most detailed history of Westmoreland Glass that I have ever seen, and some of the facts are fascinating. However, it is very, very, very poorly organized. Photos are not always identified. Many items are discussed but not depicted in photo or sketch. The price guide in the back uses different names/descriptions than what is used in the text of the book, so you can never be sure if you are checking value on the correct item. I enjoyed the book, but if you want to learn more about various pieces of Westmoreland glass, you will need to buy other books. Unfortunately, I cannot offer advice on what others because I have not found a good one yet. Lorainne Kovar's books are GROSSLY OVERPRICED and still do not do the job they should. I would NOT recommend Kovar's books on any subject.
Not what you think.........: If you read above, it says that there are 4 discs on this record. Then you look at the top and see only two discs. I expected the entire 4 disc collection, but got only two. So if this being advertised above as two and it says 4 down below, shouldnt this be corrected or is this a case of false advertising???
truly boring: This book was a waste of my time - I bought the bundle and now I'm not going to bother reading any more of Ms Cruise's ghastly stories. The dialogue was atrocious (and not at all amusing), not once did I even crack a smile, let alone laugh out loud, and the plot was so neatly wrapped up that it underscored its decided lack of depth.Agree with another reviewer - if you want mystery and romance, read Janet Evanovich!
Highly Recommended...: This is an Awesome CD done by Derryl Perry, Higly Recommend it. Most of the song He wrote and some collaborated with other songwriters like him, Outstanding Vocals and Musician plus Songwriter!!!
Holes drilled incorrectly: Aside from missing a few bolts I also found that the holes in the seat are drilled incorrectly. I will have to drill my own holes to remedy this problem. This is as far as I have gotten in the assembly as I have ran out of daylight. I am sure when it is finally together it will be a 3/5 bench as opposed to my current 2/5 rating. The shipping went well as It got here on time.
Stats Class Workbook: The workbook was missing the key software that will be required in the course. VERY UNHAPPY. I wrote customer services and was not offered the missing software, but only to send it back. I need the workbook for my class, and the class is in its fourth week. I have since ordered the software from the manufacturer.Jim McShane
Too bad Galbraith isn't much of an economist.: Galbraith is a very clear writer. He rarely uses technical jargon or mathematics. But unlike some other popular writers, it isn't because he is able to explain complex phenomena without them. He doesn't appear to understand them. This book reads like a fairy tale or child's letter to Santa Claus. Mr. Galbraith doesn't seem to understand economics well enough to pass economics 101. But he does have an excellent command of the English language.
smallville season 9-amazon (beware of DVD wrong region number): Please beware that this DVD that I purchased for use in the UK is the wrong region number. It was sold to me who live currently in the UK but it only works in region 1 DVD players which made me really unhappy to know that to watch it I need to change settings of my DVD player but it has to be watched at once because I won't be able to change settings again and again as the appliance can malfunction after that. The return policy should cover this type of problem and refund 100% in those cases. It was not advertised that it would be a problem to play it in the UK which was really not a good sign. All customers have the right to know exactly what they are paying for.I am disapointed with amazon and this company for letting that happen.
justice league done right finally: smallville is a very unique take on the legendary man of steel. but it is pretty much the same when it comes to using the two most popular icons in dc comics. use superman and batman to promote other dc comics charactors but in this show it works to a point. all i would say is that these last seasons of smallville have gotten justice league right and justice league was done right in thses last seasons of smallville. It is a shame that the animated series that calls itself justice league was not more like this. This show gets it right the way justice league should have been.
Smallville Season 9 Rocks!!!: There are some folks who dislike season 9, but that just because they still want to see Clark as that farm boy from Smallville. Yet, they don't realized that Clark is no longer the farm boy that we all love, but a news reporter who is embracing his destiny as the future superman. Yes, I still miss the Kent farm, The Talon, the Torch and even Smallville High School, but we must move on. In season 9, Clark is one step closer in being Superman, but he must first deal with his own personal issues, including his new love for Lois. I love seeing new heroes on the show, including Stargirl and Hawkman. Won't spoil more, but season 9 is far the best.
smallville so far: i am a big fan of this show a big super man fan even more and everything theyve done couldnt have seen it done any other way im not a big comic book person mom never let me collect them but what i do know is the original movies are good but the stories were nowhere compared to this show the new movie i didnt like at all but i hear that lana has her own comic so i think it was important to keep her on the show for as long as they did im anxious to get the louis and clarke mess rolling cause u know theres going to be lots of laughs and i hope they keep this show going for along time even if they have a bad season or two bc 2 many shows r getting cancelled for the reason that people who rate good shows bad bring them down so i hope it keeps going like its going so we can keep enjoying this great show bc it hs great story lines good characters and so far a good record knock on wood
smallville season 9: needs to be better packaged. it came with the case broken and two discs will not play all the way through.
mesmerizing marlene: If anyone else but Marlene Dietrich had played the lead in this film, the film would have been awful! Dietrich triumphs in a role no-one would have predicted. mysterious, mesmerizing, seductive, funny, and finally moving as the loyal gypsy(!) Lyddia, Dietrich makes you overlook the films flaws. At times the film drags by, some supporting players seem to have cotton in their mouths as they speak, and some of the dialogue is inane. Through it all, Dietrich is the soul of this movie, holding it all together in spite of the flaws, to make the whole thing work. Worth watching as a romantic piece of Hollywood escapism, and for seeing Dietrich as the fine actress she is.
Why in the world did they choose full screen ?: This is one of my favorite movies. I own the Lasedisc on widescreen. I could not wait for the DVD. I can't understand their decision to release this gem of a movie in the full screen version only. What a shame!
Pan and Scan? No thanks!: Rats. I was all ready to buy this movie, but the ephemistic "Full-screen format" (i.e. Pan and Scan) stopped me cold. The reason I bought a DVD player in the first place, besides the great running commentaries included with many movies, is so I could see the entire image the director intended, not some cropped 4:3 editted-for-television version.Call me a purist, but I just don't buy cropped DVDs like this one.
Blu ray wouldn't play: I have a toshiba Blu ray player that's a year old and this Blu ray DVD would not play in my player because it's so new and apparently a 1 year old Blu ray player needs an upgrade that costs $40. So now I'm reluctant to buy Blu rays. I regret getting a Blu ray player at all now. I gave this DVD to a friend and I'm sure it's fine, so just don't get it unless you have a new Blu ray player.
Love this movie: Great movie, lots of fun. I rent it every year so I bought it. It's a light movie with a great cast. It reminds me of home.
Good DVD: this DVD is a good show. it is good to see DVDs still widely availible. DVD is able to have true stereo, and, or sourround sound.
Why Is This Not Letterboxed?: I have rated the "DVD" the lowest possible rating, although I would give the movie the highest rating. Who makes these decisions regarding full screen versus letterbox? With the advent of DVD's, there is no excuse for us to miss the incredible cinematography in all it's New York glory. I absolutely refuse to buy my own copy of this movie until it is reissued, remastered and includes some serious extras. This is one of the greatest romantic comedies of all time.
Fullness, Balance, and Challenge: As if attending a crusade event in person, the reader will find the always compassionate, passionate, and caring Billy Graham pleading for unbelievers to believe, believers to come to the fullness promised to them as children of God, and for those needing clarity on this important subject to hit THE BOOK and discover through the Holy Spirit what they need. As I read, I kept thinking, "I miss Dr. Graham." Then, I turned on the TV and one of his "classic" crusade presentations was on a religious channel. You sometimes forget what a great teacher, preacher, evangelist and pastor he was.GREAT, GREAT book that will bless, challenge, and inspire you to reach higher in your walk with the Lord.
NOT for introductory food: The AAP says not to make your own green beans, spinach, squash etc. due to the higher levels of nitrates so I thought this product would be great to introduce green beans to my 6 month old. The product contains FISH OIL, so it is not a suitable candidate for a 6 month old or an introductory food for any age. It is also not returnable.While the amazon site lists the product ingredients as green beans and water only, the picture of the product says with DHA. The DHA comes from fish oil. After contacting Amazon to clear up the fact that this was not the product I thought I was ordering, they refunded my money. They offered to send out a new (replacement) item, but I think I would get the same mislabeled product. While I was not happy about the trouble this mislabeling caused I think Amazon's customer service did a great job.
Not my favorite diapers, but still great: I prefer Swaddlers to Baby Dry during the day, but they're hard to find in bigger sizes. These Baby Dry Pampers will hold a LOT. My son sleeps 10 to 12 hours a night (8 months old) and the diaper lasts all night without every leaking. These big packs from Amazon are fantastic, too. The price is less per diaper than from [...] and even Sam's Club plus Amazon does free Two-Day Shipping on diapers right now. (I won a free year of Amazon Prime for one of my diaper orders, too!) Can't beat that.
auto delivery: I created an account to have diapers delivered to my daughter's house. Having twins, her life is busy enough. Free shipping, can't beat it. love this idea.
Does not keep your baby dry: So I bought these diapers because I have used the Swaddlers before with success. My daughter is 9 weeks old, 10 pounds and uses size 1. For anyone that has not used Swaddlers, the difference between the two is clearly the quality as the diaper is much thinner, almost paper thin. Upon the first use of this diaper, I noticed that after a 2 hour nap, my daughter's onesie was was wet. I gave the diaper another chance, and had exactly the same issue. I would not recommend this diaper as I believe the whole purpose of a diaper is to keep the baby dry.
good diaper: These are good diapers that don't leak, even with overnight soakings. They don't hold up to blowouts as well as huggies little movers, however.
Great diapers: Pampers and Huggies are, in our opinion, the best diaper brands out there. We have a slightly preference for Pampers because they look less "bulky" on the baby, compared to Huggies or store brands. And it is the best deal I have for diapers, considering the 15% discount from Amazon "Subscribe & Save" program. However, I've noticed that the diaper is no longer available as a "Subscribe & Save" item, so I am not sure whether I would buy it for the full price - I would have to compared unit costs using my spreadsheet to see if it is worth it.
THEY LEAK - Use SWADDLERS!!!: Pampers Baby Dry is a huge misnomer...they are terrible for urine intake! If your baby sleeps on their tummy through the night...YOU WILL WAKE UP WITH A WET BABY AND WET SHEETS/EVERYTHING!Use Pampers Swaddlers...at least until after size 3 as that is the largest size Swaddlers they make for some reason. You can thank me later. BABY DRY = WET BABY~~!!!
Leaks at the kid's belly: Leaks at my kid's belly (especially during his sleep or nap), which is totally unacceptable.Pampers Swaddlers, Huggies, and even Costco's Kirkland Signature don't have this issue. This diaper is good for daytime only. We bought Huggies for night time or naps.Very disappointing.
best diapers ever!: Well!We never had any issues with pampers brand of diapers.We've tried all other brands (Cheaper & expensive ones) and nothing comes close to diapers.
Best Diapers Ever: From testing all kind of brands from every store possible Pampers Baby Dry is far most the best out there!
i loved this item: i loved this item but i gonna move out of the country , so i had to cancel. My baby never had problem with these diapers.thanks.
Best for the price: Not as soft as Pampers Swaddler, but I prefer them to the regular Huggies and like them equally as the Huggies Little Snugglers which are much more expensive. Very absorbent, never got a leak with them and my baby sleeps for 12 hours at night.
Good price, no wetness strip: Don't get confused here, this isn't a swaddler style diaper. There is NO, I repeat... NO wetness strip. This diaper came up when we searched for swaddler and its our mistake for not reading closer. The diaper is a bit small in size compared to the swaddler ones and the lack of wetness strip makes it an easy 2nd place choice to the same size Pamper Swaddler.
Weren't So Great.: We didn't like these AT ALL. I am a big fan of swaddlers, and these are nothing like the soft, meshy swaddlers. These are crunchy and thin like store-brand diapers. With swaddlers I could easily let my 3 month old go overnight without a diaper change, but these leaked all over the front of me when I picked him up in the morning. Hated them.
New and Improved with Sagging Technology: It takes a lot for me to dislike a product, but these are terrible! After a half hour the diaper would sag and look like it was extremely wet, when in reality there was hardly anything in it. They don't seem to hold much before leaking, even doubling the diapers for overnight still doesn't prevent leakage. Definitely, not something I will ever purchase again no matter how good the price is.
Stick with the Pampers Swaddlers!: My almost-5-month-old has never had any diaper other than a Pampers diaper on his body! I swear by Pampers!But, even though they are less expensive, the Baby Dry type are not worth it! I found them cheap looking and feeling (they could have been mistaken for a store brand.) The absorbancy in the seat of the diaper was so bad, my son would wake up from a short nap and the seat of his outfit would be wet (there was not a fit issue, he was the correct weight for the size I bought, and the leakage was not from the top of the back or sides of the diaper, but literally from the seat.) From now on, I will definitely stick with the Pampers Swaddlers type.
Horrible Diapers: I bought these diapers after using the pampers swaddlers and these are the worst diapers ever! The smell of urine seeps through the diapers. Also, they do not absorb at all...not worth the savings!
Best for the Price: There are less expensive diapers out there, but I found that Pampers and Huggies might be more money, but are the better diaper too. I also found that Baby Dry diapers were the least expensive of the diapers that work. I have a girl and they work great. I really don't even price check anymore. I just get these using amazon mom and subscribe and save and get them as cheap as I can. I lot easier shopping for diapers when you have your favorite, and these are definitely my favorite.Edit October 2012: I now have another baby girl. I decided to give luvs a try again, and like them this time around. I didn't like them with my first daughter. Not sure if my opinion changed or if luvs changed their diaper up. There is definitely a different feel than other brands, but after amazon mom ended I started shopping again and now I get luvs from sam's club.
no: We Liked the swaddlers. Now that my daughter is older we needed protection and switched to huggies snug and dry.
"Baby Dry" but Covered with Poop: After hitting the end of the line with Pampers Swaddlers, which max out in a size 2-3, we figured "Baby Dry" was the logical next step. *Every* time our daughter pooped it came right up the back and on to her outfit, her mother, the sofa--you name it. She is right in the size range. We will *not* be buying this diaper again.
Quality dropped in the last 6 months: I have 4 boys and have always alternated (for price) between Pampers and Huggies. Both diapers have gone downhill in the last 6 months. They have less absorbency, the top of the diaper in the front constantly explodes and overnight is out of the option. The strip is not as wide to catch urine, it's been cut down. Constantly waking up with both my twins soaking wet, the diaper has exploded and the more generic absorbing material sticks to everything. We've had to change out the sheets, clothes and anything else everyday. Several times, the diapers have ripped apart so bad, they needed immediate baths from all the gel coming out. I've grown more concerned, that since it's coming out so bad, it's coming out of the buttons of their clothes and them eating it. Is this a ploy to get people into buying the almost 3 times more expensive overnights? I don't know, but they certainly aren't what they have been for the last 8 years.
Worst Ever!!: these daipers are no good to use.. always leaks and gives diaper rash.. not worth the money.. Pampers swaddlers are much better than these daipers.
There is a reason for cheaper price: Baby dry was okay until my daughter's poop got bigger! It leaks! We even have to change her pants and bodysuits everyday. I was very frustrated. Then I changed to Pampers Cruisers with Dry max which is a little bit expensive than this one. It worked perfectly!! No leaking and no washing of clothes any more!! But if your baby is not a big eater as my daughter, baby dry was okay. You just have to change often though.
The softest diapers out there with the best fit ever!: These diapers are the best. I cannot say enough about them. In my opinion they are much better than Huggies and fit true to size. I feel that Huggies run really small. They are also so soft I feel confident using them on my babies sensitive skin. I will use these again with my next baby.
the best but only this time: pampers makes the best diapers with the most varieties for your needs. however their collect points promotion is misleading. by the time you save up any worthwhile points your child will have outgrown the selection. also the shipping and handling fees out weigh the cost at any store. dishonest and mean spirited. next child will use lesser quality diapers but from a company with more integrity.
Swaddlers are better, but...: I wish Swaddlers went up to my son's size. He is 4 months old and already weighs 24 lbs. These are good, but Swaddlers in bigger sizes would be ideal. I have not yet tried the cruisers, but based on ratings, these seem to be what most prefer. I have not had any problems with these, excet my son outgrows them so fast! Each shipment I order, it seems I have to go up a size. Love Pampers products.
Keeps baby dry and no diaper rash!: I've tried many diapers over the years and I've found that Pampers are the best. They fit well, provide the right amount of ventilation so our babies don't get a rash and they hold a lot of liquid. My only complaint is the price. They are so darn expensive!
Not as good as Huggies Snug & Dry: When my son wheres Pampers, the poop always rides up his back. I am very disappointed in these diapers and can't believe all the positive reviews. I gave it 2 stars because it does hold in pee alright for 3-4 hours max. These diapers don't perform as well as Huggies Snug & Dry.
Best fit for my baby: This product is wonderful !! and the best fit for our baby. We tried Swaddlers because of a friend's recommendation, but our 6 month old got rashes within the first week of using it. We switched back to Baby Dry and the rash was gone within 3 days !! Definitely recommended by me.
Fall Apart: I love Pampers Swaddlers so I thought I'd try these once my baby outgrew the Swaddlers. While I've never had any issues with leaking, I've had to throw out at least four brand-new diapers (so far) because the the entire side where the tab tears off while I'm trying to fasten the diaper. I've never had this problem with Swaddlers or Huggies, so I know it's not the operator. Also, these diapers don't seem to fit very securely. They tend to sag and feel very cheap (even my husband commented on that and he generally doesn't notice these kinds of things). I've only used about 20 diapers from my box of 140, but I'm sure I'll have more problems with tearing. What a waste!
Leaky and expensive: These diapers are too expensive and leaky than other diapers. Usually i don't buy them because of high cost but I bought them for the first time thinking that they will be gud but they were the oppsosite. They leak if you forget to change a diaper before the baby sleeps. I usually use LUVS DIAPERS. They are far betther than these and cheaper as well. I made a great mistake thinking that if it is expensive it will be good.People don't waste your money in this junk product.
best for the $$$: these do a very, very good job. huggies supreme hold a bit more liquid but for the price the best you can get. actually like better than the pampers cruisers and they cost less. with the amount in the box - one case is good for almost a month. rarely leak - even w/ a 2 year old at night.
Incomplete Shipment: The diapers were fine except my order was for 124 diapers and I only received 112. I also didn't have any way of contacting the shipper to let them know that my order was incomplete.
Buy swaddlers not BABY DRY: We got a big box of "baby dry" from amazon. Our experience is that my son's clothes are soaked with just a small amount of liquid. On the other hand, the "swaddlers" take on a ton of liquid and my son stays dry as a bone and so do his clothes. We are sending these back as defective and ordering more swaddlers.
Great diapers!: We have tried several brands of diapers and definitely prefer Pampers for our son. They fit him best and we very rarely have "explosions." This box is a great value.
horrible diapers ever: Pampers Baby Dry Size 2 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 246 CountI'VE MADE A HUGE MISTAKE BUYING THESE DIAPERS. I thought it is a good deal and i can save some money. but when i received these pampers baby dry diapers i opened the box and i find out that all of them has a little tiny brown stain on the back. since it was the first time i got these diapers i guessed it shoud've been this way so i put one on my 1 month and half baby girl. when it comes to change her diaper i was really shocked. her butt and all the diaper area was in terrible red color and she had the worst rash so far. i put several pastes and cream to treat it. it took almost 2 day to get rid of them finally. she had been using this particular diaper like for 2 hours and for this little time it caused this terrible reaction. i dont understand how can people sell such a product especially baby stuff has to be carefully examined. do not repeat my mistake. NEVER BUY these diapers !!!
Maybe this will help...: A lot of people are writing about the size not being accurate -- the size of the 1-2s are the same as the 1s, but I noticed that the 1-2s have a blue liner. I am wondering if they're intended for babies who need the size of the 1s with the absorbancy of the 2s? Does anyone else know? Pampers doesn't have anything on their website...
These are great diapers!: I have been using Pampers Baby-Dry diapers since Zach was only a few weeks old. These are the only diapers I will use on him. They are soft and comfortable for him. I can't say there was never an incident of a leaky diaper, but I would love to meet the mom who has never had a diaper mess at one point or other! LOL I have tried other diapers, but these seem to be the most comfy and best control against diaper accidents.
No Good: The diaper is too thin that it hardly holds anything. We found we literally had to change the diaper for our kid every hour. Interestingly, the same Pamper diaper we bought from local supermarket or Walmart store was a lot better and could last for several hours.
Baby Dry = Leaks!: We tried Pampers Baby Dry on vacation and our had leaks at least once and up to four times per day! Our one year old baby is a size 3 and doesn't have any problems in swaddlers, cruisers or other store brand diapers. I couldn't believe how leaky these were!
Pampers Baby Dry - not recommended: I purchased these baby dry thinking we could step up from the Pampers Swaddlers. I was wrong. I just assumed they would be as good as the swaddlers but they are not. My baby girl is 6 months and is an average baby...not chunky or big (other reviews mentioned it may have an impact on the diaper)Here are my con's:-do not absorb like I need them to. She is up one to two times per night and if I don't change her at one of the feedings by morning she will be in a puddle and I will have to wash everything.-they are not nearly as soft as swaddlers.- when she is really wet the inside of the diaper will come apart and stick to her..it is a stringy something that sticks to her legs.yuck.They really are fine during the day, it is at nap and night time that she seems to over flow out of the diaper. I will not order another box of these. I was honestly shocked that they were not better because I really love pampers. Oh well. live and learn.
Gr8 Product: My kid is enjoying , Daiper takes lot more time than other ones and still will be fresh and dry
Not dependable: We found this diaper undependable. Leaky and can't take an average load (liquid or solid). Difficult to manage the night shift, when his clothes and the sheets get wet.Prefer swaddlers any day.
Best value: I already have good luck with Pampers So far, no complaints. People who are disappointed that there is no blue line, I thought it would make them like those I used to. Then I figured out the blue line only instead of Pampers Swaddlers Pampers diapers in the dry. I have started to buy diapers through Amazon only, because if you use Amazon subscribe and save discount they are cheaper than you can get even at a substantial discount in membership stores.
Best Diapers: My little man sleeps 12-14 hours a night, and these are the BEST diapers for leak protection!! If you do the Amazon Mom subscribe & save, it's an even better deal than cheapo diapers! With subscribe and save, I get a box of these each month, delivered to my door. So fantastic & worry free. HIGHLY recommend.
Good: I like the price and quantity in the package but I'm noticing now that they are holding up overnight. I've recently changed to a more absorbent diaper at night.
Good Diapers, Subscribe and Save rules!: Probably my 2nd favorite disposable I find them to be very reliable and they smell nice. However the scent does concern me and while all disposables contain chemicals I wonder about the more so when I'm using scented Pampers. Regardless, combined with Subscribe and Save this is a total win-win the price and service can't be beat. I'm a "part-time" cloth diaper user and subscribe and save has made filling in the gaps very easy I can't say enough how much I love it.
Not as good as Cruisers: I normally buy Pampers Cruisers, I will not buy these again. They seem really cheap, plastic like, I don't like the smell. Yuck, can't wait for the jumbo pack to be done!
Pampers Size 4 Economy Pack: I ordered the Economy Pack of Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 and I LOVE Pampers although the size is a little small for 4 it was very convenient and nice sized!! I will order this product again!!!
Best diapers for us: I haven't really strayed from Pampers since my son was born - each time we borrowed a diaper from a friend or went on vacation and had to use another brand, they didn't work as well (tabs not restickable, not as absorbent, etc) and we went back to Pampers. I discovered Baby Dry because we were in Mexico and that was the type of Pampers they had in the Costco there - baby dry is great - they are thin and super absorbent. Amazon is the best place to buy them - especially if you use subscribe and save.
Best Diapers at a great price: I've looked at quite a few different places to get a good price on diapers, and Amazon has been the best (same price as my local stores, but they get delivered right to my door, free shipping) I calcuate the price per diaper, and Amazon is always the cheaper, or equal to other sites/local stores.As for the diaper itself, I love pampers brand (for diapers, not wipes) over any other diaper brand. I prefer the "baby dry" over the cruisers (for price and quality) and now that they make the baby dry with the "caterpillar stretch" sides, they're even better! They fit like a dream, even on my skinny little boy!!! My 18 month old son has been in pampers since the day he was born, and any leaks are VERY VERY rare, even overnight when he's sleeping 11+ hours.I am very price-aware, and Amazon and Pampers fit my budget perfectly!
Gave a rash: I bought the XL case of Pampers Baby dry in size 3 and after only 5 diapers my son has a horrible rash on his entire back where the diaper touches.My son's skin is not sensitive and we have used Pampers swaddlers, Hugggies Snugglers,Huggies Snug n Dry, Parents Choice and Comforts (kroger) brand and he has never had any issue.now I am stuck with this XL case of diapers.
Not my favorite: We used Pampers sensitive swaddlers for my son but by the time he was size 3 they did not work. The swaddlers didn't have good protection and he would poop out of them. We decided to try baby dry. They are awful every diaper he either pees or poops out of. Now I am constantly washing his clothes and going through at least 3 outfits a day. I am really not happy with Baby Dry. I loved Pampers but a friend of mine told me she had same problem with the larger sizes of Pampers and had to switch to huggies. :(
Terrible Smell and Horrible Rash: We've been getting Pampers Baby Dry from a Wholesale club for a while now, with no problems (my son is 13 months, in size 4). I saw the price on Amazon and with the 30% off, it was a great deal. However, when the box arrived the diapers smelled AWFUL -- chemical-like. I gave them a day to air out, which they did, but in the next few days of using them my son has developed a terrible diaper rash. He has only had tiny rashes 3-4 times in the past, but this one is continuous and awful-looking. We are discontinuing use of these particular ones immediately, and going back to the Wholesale club. I don't think it's Baby Dry, per se, but the shipment that Amazon has. It really upsets me that they would offer inferior diapers at such a reduced price -- they need to be tossed and NEVER touch a baby's skin.
Great deal..: when you subscribe! I recently subscribed to this product and it really does make a difference in price! I recommend if you've got little Pamper babies to just go ahead and subscribe to this product :) I saved a bit even with my first shipment! HAPPY mommy!
Gr8 product & Gr8 deal from Amazon: Wonderful product at a great deal from Amazon.Babies will luv them.ALL stars. I am in for repeat orders for the Pampers diapers.
awesome! I save a lot of money: It is better to buy in bulk like this than the small one. I saved a lot of money and didn'y worry to run out of diaper anytime soon.
Good diaper: This is the best diaper I have found next to the old Pampers Cruisers. They are not as soft as I'd like and they don't have a liner like I'd want, but they don't leak even after a 12 hour night with my heavy wetter. They are more economical than the new Pampers Cruisers and I think probably a better diaper overall anyway.
Pampers: These pampers were the worst, my son was soaked. Every nightI Switched to o overnight ones which are great, no leaks
great: Loved this product for my baby. I have enough diapers for her and they work so well controlling her during the night.
Not absorbant enough: I liked these the best when my baby was 16 lbs. but now at 20lbs he leaks through every one of them in 2 hours or less. The 4's fit a little too big and I know he's almost ready but these are supposed to be good to 28lbs and they are not. I have almost an entire case of these that I am donating because I don't trust them. Size 3 of Sam's Club brand is working WAY better than these and cost less too.
Leak with breastfeed poop up the back!: These diapers leek up the back when my baby poops! Then got to waste time and change her shirt with poop and whatever else the poop got on! Annoying!!
Great for the price!: I love these diapers. i have been using it for my son during the day. with the discounts and and all others amazon coupons i got this for a very decent price. i think 50% discount is very good. its been almost a month and i still have half of the box to be used.
Not what the name implies!: My daughter was wearing the Huggies prior to this. I ordered this diapers, thinking that they would be softer and more absorbent than the Huggies. To my surprise, they are neither softer or more absorbent. I'm very disappointed and have had to change many skirts, and pants because of this!I am planning on writing to Kimberly Clark as well regarding this. Also, these diapers run small!
Not good for night times: Target diapers are much better than these diapers. My daughter sleeps through the night. When she wakes up her dress, the sheet everything will be wet. This diaper is ok to use during the day times but definitely not at night.
hyped!: Walt Whitman's literary reputation has been hyped by "gay" critics (I suspect). I'm not totally hostile to free verse; in fact, I like T.S. Eliot, the most famous proponent of this genre, but Whitman wrote ramblingly, seemingly devoid of poetic coherence that the reader's creative imagination is left unstirred. I agree with Robert Frost, the truly great American poet, that writing poetry without the classic, conventional rules is like playing tennis--with no net.
Book Review: This book of poetry covers some very heavy stuff. At the same time, the subject matters cover a lot of matters that I've wanted to read for a while.I suggest that you do not read his poetry silently. Say it all out loud! They're meant to be read loud and proud. Trust me, that's worth it.
Rip Off: This edition DOES NOT contain a table of contents, which makes it impossible to navigate and totally useless overall.Save your dollar and look elsewhere.
A Mistake: A co-worker gave this book to me. He was more of a fan than I, but Whitman grew on me, and over the next several months, I learned to appreciate his work.However, I left this book above my toilet and was disturbed that a relative of mine snooped through it while taking a dump, discovering secrets that this co-worker and I had together. I now regret ever having read this silly book and am planning on burning it.
Shameful: In my opinion, this dvd did not contain any worth while figure skating coverage. My five year old was in TEARS because we could only find five second clips of actual skating. To make matters worse, there doesn't seem to be anyway to access the actual skating events, even if one is willing to pay for it. Nor does the Olympic website itself have videos of the events. I could understand if we were searching the week of the Olympics, or even that month. However, it's been close to a year. SHAME ON YOU NBC. The Olympics are not yours.
Did I watch the same movie???: Ok.. I read the other reviews for this movie and I am a little confused. Was it the same movie? The martial arts were "ok" in this, but nothing I havent seen done better before. The story-line was.. ummm. well, nevermind.Oh and did I mention the film doesnt end???? I mean I didnt really care but it still sucked to cut the story line half way though.I really wantedto like this movie... but the only good thing I can say is that some of the sub-titles are hilarious!
.... HYBRID CD is a joke !!: ...The surround sound on this disc in non-existent. There is NO center channel on the multi channel layer. If you are serious about multi channel recordings this is the worst ... This label should be ashamed of itself to mislead the public into thinking this is some kind of new level in recorded music. ...
Power Off Solution?: I've had my 940MW for over a year. When 1st received, after turning on, it would work for 5 to 10 minutes and then cut off. I tried removing and re-pluging in the power cord and it would work for a few minutes and then the monitor would again cut off. Then I tried a different approach. I removed the power cord and squeezed the end that goes to the monitor with regular pliars. SINCE THEN, THE MONITOR HAS NOT 'TURNED ITSELF OFF' ONCE!I believe that what was happening, in my case anyway, was the power cord connection at the monitor would heat up and expand and break the flow of AC. Squeezing the power cord with the pliars 'tightened up' the connection allowing the cord to maintain contact. I looked at the monitors plug hole after removing the power cord, and the connection lugs were inset into the monitor farther that I think they should be. I think that that caused the problem.Don't know if this helps anyone else.That is the only reason I don't give this monitor a 5 rating.
bad power suplly: i bought this 18 months ago. i purchased a refurb unitwell about 2 months ago the ps started to act up.$90.00 later it's working again. Many people have experienced this problem with the ps
Does not adhere (peels off): So I tried this on a few things- attaching a leather strap to a suede bag I made, repairing leather sandal straps and trying to repair a shoe sole. The leather strap pulled off, the sandal repair came apart on vacation and the shoe sole didn't adhere properly, so it started to come off. When I pulled on the side that was coming off it pulled off in one big chunk. It seems like the glue sticks very well to itself, but not to the other materials you are trying to attach. And yes, I followed all of the instructions to a T. Still looking for a better shoe/leather glue.
It Sticks!: The glue was easy to apply. My boyfriend attached it to his boots which were coming apart in some places ... Unfortunately the spot needing to be fixed wasn't one that could be fixed and the fix did not stay
Love this stuff: Works great for repairing soles that start to come apart. It is very durable and extends the life of shoes that need minor repairs. Highly Recommend
Shoe Goo: Shoe Goo works great. The bottom of my tennis shoe was peeling. I applied some shoe goo and glued the sole back on and let it dry 24 hours. Next day the tennis shoe was good. Shoe Goo really works! For the size, I should buy a smaller Shoe Goo.
Beginning with Audrey growing up during WWII brought integrity.: I learned a lot about Audrey Hepburn's childhood that I had never realized before. Beginning in WWII brought the story home and made it real.
What kind of person could have done this...: Great book for anyone interested in true crime and the criminal mind. John Douglas looks at some classic crime cases using his profiling method: look at the facts of the crime and draw conclusions about what kind of person could have done it. This is in contrast to the approach of: identify a likely suspect, then identify facts of the crime that fit the suspect. The author does not claim to solve all of the cases he studies in this book, but rather point us in the right direction. For example, he describes the likely personality characteristics and behavior of Jack the Ripper (interestingly this does not seem to match Patricia Cornwell's conclusion) and the Zodiac. His discussion of the Ramsey case is probably the most controversial since he was personally involved in the case. A well written and interesting book.
General Overview of Bizarre Cases, too obtuse for crime scholars.: A Dummy's Guide to Understanding Bizarre Murder Cases.-I would read this if you were a new immigrant to the Western world. So, i would look around for weightier books ,on a specific crime topic.This book is too broad and not informative enough .The reason why these cases haunt the FBI is that they need to turn on the light-switch.
Fascinating Read: I don't typically read this kind of work, but picking it up at a real bargain price, it looked interesting, given all the media attention this renown profiler receives.His analysis of this collection of unsolved mystery murders showcases his analytical abilities, honed over years of work. He primarily spends a great deal of time on two key areas: context of area in which crime committed and victomology.From Jack the Ripper to JonBenet Ramsey, he applies all that years of working the toughest cases has brought to him.One that fascinated me the most was the one I knew the least, the Lindbergh kidnapping. The missing chisel, the removed flooring, all this pointing to the convicted one. Also, that Gen. Schwartzkopf's relative was involved.These cases do hold our yearning to solve mystery, especially that where justice is sought and all can see if their hunches play out.
Why doesn't Clay get played anymore!!!: Had this CD years ago and it was stolen from my car along with all other music. The CCM being played today can't hold a candle to this beautiful musical offering. Clay Crosse is amazing.
My wife loves it: The stones are a bit small, and not as colorful as the picture, but the necklace is beautiful and well made. Interesting clasp with a non-rolling chain. Nice.
POOR QUALITY: This is a very poor quality necklace. I needed to take it in direct light before I could see any stones, nothing like picture shown. No bill in the box, so sadly, I am unable to return.
Really BAD: The product was in a very old box and the AC/DC connection was just a bare wire. So I did return this item.
SKIPPING CD'S: MY CD OF CASSIE'S ME AND YOU SKIPS THROUGHOUT THE CD. THIS IS THE 2ND TIME I'VE RECEIVED A CD FROM AMAZON THAT HAS SKIPPED. THIS WILL BE THE LAST TIME I ORDER ANY CD'S FROM AMAZON. THIS IS VERY FRUSTRATING AS I FEEL I'VE SPENT MY HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS.THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!!
If you're a "difficult" size/in a time crunch: I had to quickly find a dress to go to a wedding, and I was distressed by how little I could find in my size readily available on the web or in stores. Amazon was the last place I looked and this is the first thing that popped up, and it's perfect. It fits, it's appropriate, and it's cheap and fast. If you're plus size and tearing your hair out over how slim the pickings are [especially if you have an ounce of taste and don't like the traditional plus size color palette/prints], this is your solution. Also, the only alternatives I found were all "special order at least two months ahead" gowns. Hello, who does anything two months ahead any more? If time is not a luxury you can afford, this is your solution as well.
In the rain or in the snow, got the got the funky flow.: This is the soundtrack to the classic Playstationgame. If features all the songs from the game, plus all the instrumental music cues. The songs, most of which are rap songs, are really cute and amusing. The instrumentals are similarly "cutesy", and almost all of them are under a minute long (a few are less than ten seconds long). If you are a fan of this game, I'm sure you will enjoy the soundtrack.
easy to understand guide: When my 6 year old niece was diagnosed with brain cancer last year, my family was devastated. Her parents are both RNs, and so could more easily understand a lot of the terminology and treatments. I have absolutely no medical background, and I found this book to be very helpful. This book provided comprehensive explanations of various treatments, commonly used drugs, different types of brain and spinal cord tumors, etc. that were easy for a layperson to understand. I also really liked that there were many shared experiences from other families who had dealt with childhood cancer, it made me feel like we weren't alone. There are new treatments that come out all the time, so obviously some of the information may be dated, but overall I thought this was an excellent guide for anyone caring for a child with brain cancer.
Not pleased: I am not very pleased with this product for a couple reasons. First off this product did not teach me much of the Italian language, which is its whole purpose. Secondly, I felt very lost from one part to another it just seemed very unclear as to what I was always supposed to be doing. My advice is to consider a competitor's product before this one. A good alternative product to look at would be Italian Now by Transparent Language, which is very well done.
BibleMan a great Video: Absolutely wonderful video, my preschoolers love it and now go around playing Bibleman the hero, They shout out "Word Power" to fight bad guy. This is a great improvement from playing slash and shoot them-up. The price was great.
There's a reason this was only on TV: The original Patton motion picture is a masterpiece and one of my favorite movies. George C. Scott is a genius and one of my favorite actors. I was happy to find this movie on Amazon on Demand, but was disappointed with the movie itself.-Looks like a low-budget made for TV movie which it is.-Casting was poor. Outside of George C. Scott these were a bunch of B or C actors. Richard Dysart as Eisenhower was particularly bad.-As noted in many other reviews, the video quality was poor.-Way too long and way too depressing.I was hoping this movie would cover more of the postwar Patton and less of George C. Scott lying in a hospital bed. If they cut off the last third of the movie, it might be four stars.I recommend you pass on this movie, at the very least stop watching after the accident. He suffers paralyzed in a hospital bed and dies. There is nothing useful after that point and there is a LOT of overacting.
excellent healthy eating book: Love the book, has many recipes in it. I have used many of them and they not only taste good but do help u feel better
11 x 14 Windsor Newton canvas pack: The item came in record time and in perfect condition. This was the second time that I have ordered this item and I will reorder it again in the future possibly in a different size.
Received just one canvas: The package contained just one stretched canvas and not 6 as the description claims. I had to return this order as Amazon cannot replace it for some reasons.
Philip K. Dick would be proud!: This film is actually four short films... One film (The Robot Fixer) actually has little to do with technology or "robotics" as we usually perceive it (Lets play, "One of these films is not like the others"), while the others are very good speculative fiction pieces which make you go hmmm. I thought that Pak made the most use of his time and pulled the viewer into each story universe quite thoroughly.After a week of working 16 hour days in the astrodome after the Hurricane Katrina survivors came in, it was the perfect way to spend my first evening back with the family! I highly recommend.
Defective Machine - Don't buy!: I was looking for a coffee machine with a thermal caraffe. At first, the cofee was great. Then a couple of weeks later, coffee started to pour directly out of the machine onto the floor! I thought maybe I had a bad machine, so I took it back to the store and exchanged it for a new one. A month later, same problem! The coffee pours around the caraffe, not into it. I burned myself trying to clean it up, and it stained my nice kitchen floors. I'm taking it back for a different brand coffee maker, I won't be fooled three times!
Ian Richardson version of The Hound of the Baskervilles: I highly recommend this 1983 version of the Sherlock Holmes mystery. Richardson suits the role of Holmes very well, bringing a confidence and intellectual flare to solving the case.I can't be critical of much in this movie. I enjoyed it immensely on vhs and now, again, on dvd. It's well acted, well scripted, and well produced. I think Ian Richardson is my favourite Sherlock Holmes - although I don't think he played the role as many times as other actors. Again, he brings such confidence in his ability, that as a viewer you don't really think he's not going to solve the mystery.Thumbs up. Enjoy.
Supreme Coltrane: A wonderful and creative album. Great listening from start to finish. Belongs in every jazz library along with Blue Train, Giant Steps, and Kind Of Blue.
wow!: I'm new to Jazz and I find that I love this stuff. I guess it's bop. This is a must have album for anyone. I highly recommend. I got it on vinyl which is still one of the best ways to hear music. Love it!
Five stars?: There are not enough stars in the sky, and no words I can say here that will do it justice.
Spirituality in sound supreme: A LOVE SUPREME was for John Coltrane, both an intensely personal statement, and a gift to mankind. On the brink of ruination due to alcohol and drug abuse, Coltrane had a life altering epiphany in 1957. On the liner notes to the album he writes:"During the year 1957, I experienced by the grace of God, a spiritual awakening which was to lead me to a richer, fuller, more productive life. At that time, in gratitude, I humbly asked to be given the means and privilege to make others happy through music."A LOVE SUPREME was recorded in 1964 after the death of his friend, Eric Dolphy, and the birth of his 1st son. These events must have inspired Coltrane to create his masterpiece. Outside of Bach's B Minor Mass, I can't think of a greater work of pure spirituality in music. Whether or not you are into Jazz, you should listen to A LOVE SUPREME at least once in your life.
Silicone Case for Palm Treo 755p: I am enjoying its use. The only issue is one of manufacturing. The opening that allows for moving of the vibrate off/on control does not align with the control. It is difficult to move the control. I modified the case by making a small cut to it.
Phone Cover: Not the greatest produce. I have used the product for about 3 weeks and just recently took it off. The cover fits nicely except for the holes on the side which I had to cut bigger. It attracts lots of lint from your pockets. I just haven't really been pleased with it. But for as cheap that it was, I shouldn't really complain.
Luck of the Irish: I bought this CD as a Christmas present for my wife who is Irish...she loves it....so do I and I'm not Irish.
Crazy and totally wonderful: A thoroughly wonderful movie that had me laughing in no time. Melanie Griffith is outstanding in this zany story. Highly recommend
Disappointed: I own another Sony VCR (SLV N-71) which is nice. This one was for the kids, but it's going back. The VCR is noisy - very distracting. Picture is fair. I expect more from Sony products.
Great 80's Concept Album !: It's moody, a little dark, like for driving down the highway at night . . . But that's why I loved it in the 1980's ! I just was never able to find the CD ! To me, it is the most well-done, well-produced album by Tommy Shaw, as I have heard most of his others to date . . . Still, yes, it has a certain heavy keyboard-80's sound, but it is more 'serious' than his other efforts in my humble opinion . . .So, dark, but GREAT guitar, it should have really been the concept for another Styx album, instead of the more light-wieght stuff they all have done . . .
Complete Failure: This Album Offers Absolutely Nothing Worth Wasting Time With. Shaw Had One Minor #33 Hit With "Girls With Guns", But Nothing On This One. People Forget That Shaw Only Contributed One Top 40 Hit (Too Much Time...) On His Final Three Albums With Styx, Before They Broke Up. Without Nugent And Blades His Career May Have Ended Here.
anything KMFDM: Better than 2002 tour - BUT GUYS NEED AN UP TO DATE WITH CURRENT VERSIONS OF YOUR MUSIC - like a 2012 dvd.....PLEASE! Love them!!
Don't buy this book!: Only buy this book if you want to feel your child is a loser, it's ALL your fault and there's nothing you can do about it, EVER! I'm not even going to pass this book on, it's going in the trash! That being said, there are some great kids social skills books out there: 1.) The unwritten rules of friendship 2.) Nobody likes me, everybody s me 3.) Good friends are hard to find
Valeo WW2 2-lb wrist weights: I used the weights once. Well, they almost made it..one of the wrist weights came apart at the seam and sand leaked all over the carpet.
Valeo wrist weights: The wrist weight are one size that may be used by a very tiny and thin adult of 100 lbs or a child. I could not get them over my hand to my wrist. The advertising should say what size the hand needs to be and to use them.
lite up: The bulb seems ok, the batteries have power, but the laser light does not work.The bulb came in 4days.
I haven't received my items: It has been a month after the estimated date my items would have reached me and they haven't. Can you check on this???
Have fun with your baby!: I love this DVD! Get ready to have fun and interact with your baby. This DVD gives you so many ideas to have fun and interact with you baby by just using items you already have around your house. I loved the bright colors, the music, Eeebee and the Mom. I highly recommend this DVD to all parents.
Dissapointed: I am so disappointed with the Eebee DVD. I bought it based on a review in Parents magazine, and also from the reviews posted here. I feel Eebee DVD's are geared to children age 3-15 months when babies are just starting to move around. Little Eebee could not hold my toddler's attention. It was a waste of money for my 2 year old
Buy a different guidebook: This guidebook is a waste of money - info is too scattered and does not address areas I will be visiting
Very disappointing: I liked the characters. He did a great job of letting the reader get to know the characters. However the plot was awful. At the end I was left feeling like he just threw a bunch of words together just to end the book. It's almost as though you're left wondering exactly what happened at the end.
Another spin on socializing costs/risks and privatizing profits: What else to expect from a Cato Institute publication? They support the corporatism of space as the last frontier.
brill: this album is a must have. look for the similarities between sunny day and jane's addiction in 100 million - i swear it's there. every track is incredible - be warned that listening to it in already-sad states will lead to probably more sadness, but it's good to be there sometimes.
I Hate to Disagree, But...: Well, I have to say that I didn't really want to write a negative Sunny Day review, but then I thought of the unfortunate lads who would waste their money on this CD instead of buying a different Sunny Day CD. I am a big fan (driving 6 hours to see them play in a couple weeks) but I was kinda let down by this one. Diary and Self-Titled are strongly recommended.
A great disappointment: A am a huge SDRE fan, but to tell you the truth their new CD wasn't all that good, their old stuff was way better. SDRE has lost their style and emotion. This CD isn't worth buying.
Chekov's Play is like a Half-Eaten Apple...: Although Chekov's play accurately reflects the decline of Aristocratic power in 19th century Russia, it is unfulfilling. Mdm. Ranevskaya's Orchard is bought under her feet by a "friend" whose hunger for profit motivated his friendship with her. So this is the transformative moment: Mdm. Ranevskaya loses her most cherished possession, and then what? Her friend, Lopahin, feins innocense, Mdm. Ranevskaya runs off to Paris to whom or what? We never find out. It's sort of like biting into a pretty good apple only to have it fall on the ground.
Author needs to take grade school writing lessons: "I didn't say anything then because that has a very good chance of happening, and there isn't really any way out once Uncle Frank gets you, except holding your breath for a really, really long time, which might spoil the day for everyone else, even though the ambulance would come and I would get to ride inside it while they saved my life."Verbatim quote of the author's writing abilities. I myself had a hard time trying to understand some of these sentences - imagine my first grader's annoyance.Run-on sentences, mixed verb tense, missing punctuation, you name it. The book should be called "Bad writing lessons." The editor must have been out sick the day this manuscript was turned in.Give it to a kid you dislike to repulse them away from reading.But the illustrations are nice. So, one star for that.
Jane is a girl with spunk!: My daughter Sadie and I love this book. The author has a real knack for writing with the voice of a young girl. This girl, Jane, is smart and funny and spunky. It's a great story!
One of the most disturbing "war movies" ever made.: Unfairly ignored during it's initial release this movie deserves another chance.Unlike most war movies this film concentrates not on battles but the heinous acts of some soldiers as they kidnap a girl rape and abuse her.Michael J. Fox plays the one soldier who tries to stand up and do the right thing.Fox proves he's got what it takes to hold his own in a serious part(even better than Bright Lights Big City)and Sean Penn is riveting as the soldier who takes things too far.I saw this in theaters in 1989 and it left me shaken and surprisingly years later it still hasn't lost it's impact.Director Brian DePalma who usually makes stylish gimmick loaded films does a great job here with the serious subject matter.The haunting score by Ennio Morricone that accompanies the poor girl's ordeal will stay in your mind for a very long time.Tough to watch but extremely worthwhile if you're looking for powerful cinema.
Twentieth Century Pleasures: Prose on Poetry: Thank you for a textbook that was clean and in excellent condition!
Swimming against the tide, but...: An improvisation is wonderful, if, and this is a huge if, an improvement on the original is made. After listening to all 15 cuts I have to say that in every case the original is more enjoyable and satisfying to me to listen to. Can you really expect Montero to improve on Vivaldi? That really is too much. However if it is not as enjoyable as the Vivaldi, why would I spend money to listen to Montero? This revue is in no way a reflection on her pianistic abilities, but it sure is a gripe about butchering classic source material.My advice, and it seems to be unique among reviewers so far, is that if you like Vivaldi, listen to Vivaldi, not Montero seeking to change Vivaldi. Or Bach. Or Scarlatti. Or Pachebel...The original is stunning...the alterations to it are just misc. music.
Ho-hum: Not much new here. I listened to it for the Sarah song, and it is what gave it two stars. Not horrible, but the music is generic movie soundtrack music. The two versions of "You Got A Friend In Me" add nothing to the song. "When She Loved Me" is a nice song performed wonderfully by Sarah Mclachlan, but not enought to spend money on this whole CD.
Amazing soundtrack: This soundtrack is truly a piece of art. Randy Newman has done some great things with this album. "When She Loved Me" is a beautiful song that I can't help but listen to over and over again. The instrumental part (which makes up the majority of the album) is exciting yet very soothing and enjoyable. If you've seen the movie, and paid any attention to the music at all, the soundtrack is a must. I put it in my CD player, sit back, and relax. I'll listen to this one for years to come.
spirit of christmas: i was not able to purchase because of mistake in pricing and advertisinig. may try later. the company contacted to advise of this mistake.
The Bible Made Easy: This book takes each book of the Bible and gives a background on the setting in which it was written. The author puts all the information in very understandable words. It does give one an understanding of the times when the writing takes place. It is necessary for those who know nothing about the history of the writings of the books of the Bible. It is more of a reference book than an "easy read."It is a good book for understanding sections of the bible and explaining them to others. Good for RCIA groups.Donna Murphy
Absurd Plot: The author is quite talented; the book well written. The religious history very interesting. There is sufficient adventure, intrigue and excitement.But the central theme, that many core beliefs of Catholicism are at odds with the God it purports to serve, that Mary herself has repudiated such beliefs, and that a progressive pope will shortly put an end to these beliefs, is more than a stretch, it devolves into an anti-Catholic message that is wrapped around a good yarn. This is exacerbated by the depiction of high church officials as evil Mafia type figures who readily engage in heinous acts, including murder and extortion. Yes, some church officials have in the past been guilty of deceit and cover ups to protect child abusers, but this is a far cry from high church officials engaging in conduct rivaling that of the characters in "The Godfather" series. But if comparing the Catholic church to the evil demonstrated in those movies is your cup to tea, then this book is for you.
A fine read: Steve Berry is one of those writers you love to read - from the get-go you are part of the ride. Each one of his works is a given that it will entertain, and get you thinking.Secret deals with the message the Holy Virgin gave to the children at Fatima -Has some of the grace of Angels and Demons, but not the wild ride of an ending, although a satisfactory one.Definitely worth reading.
Better than The Templar Legacy or The Amber Room: Although Berry's bad guys are pretty unconflicted about being bad guys (especially for priests) and the reveal regarding the third secret of Fatima is jarring more for its anachronistic feel than for its content, this yarn is similar to Dan Brown's Angels and Demons in its look at the inner workings of papal enclaves and backstage Vatican politicking. It starts just a bit slow, but has a satisfying build-up of suspense and twists so as to make it a reasonable page-turner for those who won't get too hung up on the undertone of criticism for the current Catholic church and its various doctrines. While there are some odd character choices and a bit of inconsitency about how urgent various things are and aren't along the way, I found myself entertained and turning pages and, after all, isn't that really the point of a mass market thriller? Donald J. Bingle, Author ofForced Conversion.
Very entertaining: This is the first of Steve Berry's books that I've read. I liked it so much that I bought all the novels by him that I could lay my hands on (from my favorite local used books store). It is action packed and well researched. I admit that the conclusion of the book seems a bit far fetched. His depiction of the Vatican's intrigues do not seem very far from the truth though (except perhaps for the murder parts). It is the kind of novel that I find perfect to relax at the end of the day or on vacation.
A few minutes of horror: There's about 15 minutes of horror film. But the rest of the 2 hours is made up of 2 confused people trying to come to terms with their histories which are related to the horror story portion by analogy (and the man's brief contact with the dead children). There was supposed to be a psychological reason behind the horror -- but it didn't strike me as particularly insightful. Instead it was dreary. The acting, even by Jun Ji Hyun, was dreary. The actions by the characters were dreary. The only sign of life comes from the fiancée -- a strong, dynamic performance by attractive Yu Seon.TO see Jun Ji Hyun at her best, I recommendMY SASSY GIRL,DAISY, orIL MARE.
A hair to the right, and maybe too soon: Strikes me as too soon to produce reliable history about a period so recent. He seemed a hair right-of-center but at least didn't fall into the mythology of Reagan "winning" the cold war. He mentions Clinton as "slick" a couple times but in his previous 1945-74 history I don't think (memory may be wrong) he ever used Tricky Dick or Slippery Richard about Nixon.
Great Collection - Ready for more!!!: While I'm a big fan of this collection, along with the continuing collection "1935-1940", I'd be really interested in knowing if JSP is planning on putting out a collection of Cab's 1940-1947 stuff. If such a collection exists from JSP & I'm just being ignorant, please let me know!
Changed my life: there have been others books similar to this one, but nearly ALL of the authors of those books have been trained directly or indirectly by Ron LeGrand. He is truly the guru of real estate investing. This book gives solid, practical advice that works in the real world. Yes, he tries to sell you additional things, but all you have to do is follow the instructions and you will have success.A great book that opened my eyes to a world of possibilities, which included early retirement.
Stale, refund requested, but never received: The candy we received was not edible. It had long ago expired. We requested a refund, but it never came through. Avoid this vendor.
THE Ultimate Food for your Lories: This is the only brand of Lory food our flock will accept. Its fruity smell and apparent good taste are the first thing our lories want in the morning and they get very excited waiting for their individual bowls to be passed out.
Do Fish Sleep: Full of very interesting info. which we probably never needed to know Bought for a 14 year old who really liked some of his previous books.
TiVo: Got this to have at my son's house when I visit. I love it! They love it too! Easily set up, never miss a show again!!
Busy little bee!: I like every thing about my TiVo----except---- It is so busy running around the networks finding things to record. some thimes i want to record the end of a movie or program i'm watching and i have to go into the programing an stop it from recording it has found, before i can record what I want.
If you liked getting scammed by Comcast's "You don't have to do a thing when Digital arrives" then you'll love the Series2: The Series2 will record only one non-digital station and one digital. Now that Comcast has gone all-digital, your Series2 has become more like a Series0.50, since it only records one channel at a time.
TiVo TCD49080 Series2: This model TiVo is out of date. It will only record Digital and Analog programs and NOT Hi Def. You must have a Multi-Channel tuner card installed in order to receive cable TV channels -- this costs $1.50/month plus a $20.00 installation charge from Comcast -- plus the monthly charge from TiVo is $12.95 (as I recall) -- this is an EXPENSIVE proposition.I'm returning the TiVo because Comcast offers their Hi Def DVR for $9.95 for 6 moths, then $12.95 there after.Oh did I mention that if you have Vonage or cable telephone service that you MUST buy a wireless adapter for ~$50.00?This is not only an outdated piece of equipment, but a very expensive solution to recording TV programs/movies!
Original shipment not complete, but great service fixed it!: I ordered the TiVo and it was shipped the next day (Friday). I received it in less than a week after I ordered it. When I got it, it was missing the remote. After contacting the seller, he ordered a new remote and had it sent to me as well as a "how-to" book just for the inconvenience that I encountered.Very good customer service, I would order again from this seller any time.
A perfect waiste of money: When I bought the TiVo, I was told that this item would tape 2 different programs at the same time. When it didn't work, I called that company and they told me that because I had DirectTV, it was impossible to use the TiVo like I wanted to. I was totally cheated. I then bought the DirectTV's type of Digital REcorder, and it's the best thing I've ever done. It records 2 different programs at exactly the same time. TiVo told me that it only works on Cable. Bah Humbug. This is NOT explained when you want to buy the item. Buyers Beware
Return: I do not have any problems with Amazon...But I have problem with FireWallSalesNew York.I had return this TIVO almost three weeks ago. I had wrote tothem and I told them that I had sent it back due they was going to charge me$20.00 a month.I have Dish TV and they harge only me $6.00 a month. Ihad wrote to them different times to see if they got my TIVO.They writeback to tell that they will let me know.Now it's going to a month and stillhave not resolved the problem.I think that I am going to better businessin the state of New York.I am very upset with this company.They have noPride if they did they would of taken care of me......Noris
Not up to par: I have long been a fan of Muriel Spark's, truly enjoying her humor and style. I liked her autobiography as well. But this book is a great disappointment. The characters are shallow: in particular, Dr. Wolf is cardboard and scarcely believable. There is a certain sense of haste: events are barely sketched, and it is all quickly brought to a conclusion, without going into any detail. A very thin book indeed, which would probably have received much less attention if the author did not have such a reputation.
Zane Grey: I was really surprised that there was another Nevada book by Zane Grey. I had originally wanted another copy of the first book, Nevada, but when I saw this one I just had to buy it. Thanks!
Good to see that fans are keeping the place clean: It's sad, but it happens - bootleg CDs get put up for sale on Amazon and they can't remove them fast enough. I commented on two other bootleg sales and can't find them any longer, obviously Amazon took them down and new identical ones came and took their place. Some people just don't have any shame at all.If you're going to call on Amazon to remove these CDs, you should rather suggest that they blacklist the seller, remove any means to buy the item and mark it as fake. That way, no customer would ever have to be fooled again.
*Thumbs Down*: This cd isn't TOO bad but at the same time I wish i hadn't bought it. I think the singer said to himself "Let's see how i can ruin this record by whining like a country singer all emotionally". (And in a realllly bad way) Oddly enough, the absolute best song these guys ever put out isn't featured on either of their cd's. (Sweet Summer) Besides the fact that this is missing that gem of a song, it's nothing like the first cd. Nothing quite like the cathy pop rhythms of Don't Stop on this cd. Just kinda BLAND soft rock. I recommend downloading Sweet Summer as it is their best song by FAR and perhaps possibly buying the first cd, but don't waste your time on this one.
Judge a Book by Results: I purchased this book over a year and a half ago, and I have yet to win big. I have studied this book from cover to cover, and use it with Lotto:How to Wheel a Fortune,also by Gail Howard. Anyone who considers purchasing either book should know that the majority of the jackpot winners in her testimonial section are from the late eighties. In theory, Lottery Master Guide appears to offer a variety of proven systems to beat the odds, but sad to say, I do not feel it lives up to its claims. I personally, would advise you to save your money and not purchase either book.
The GUIDE for serious players.: Difficult to win anything on your own. $$$ outlay by individual players is too large. Better start a pool at the office with co-workers and collect funds in order to play any of her wheeling systems. You'll share winnings and losses (small and both sides unless you hit the Jackpot). No other book comes close. Get your rabbit's foot, or any other totem for luck! You'll need it.
Resie This!: Give it up everyone, Rammstein is dead. This album is so soft it doesn't even deserve to be a German based CD. Not even Rosenrot can save this album.They have sold-out, producing a soft, nu-metal tainted record that can't compare to their other amazing albums.RIP RAMMSTEIN
What the fascination?: Thurber revealed "The secret Life of Walter Mitty." DuBar should have kept his life a secret unrevealed!A lot about the drinking and useless meanderings of Jules DuBar, written in a painfully simplistic and predictable style. DuBar's life is not interesting, except in the fact that a highly educated man so often behave so coarsely. (But geologists often took pride in that kind of behavior back when. Very macho, those guys!) Save your money, or toss it in a river, but avoid this book.
Not for chevy s10 pickup: One bushing fits the other doesnt, I chose to make it fit....will implode into itself seeing as its brass and squeak to caboose but its better than your door not shutting.
Incorrect parts in package: I was pleased that I got my parts so quickly but after removing my door to replace the bushings and pins I discovered that one of the two identical packages contained a incorrect bushing. This incorrect part caused the job to take about twice as long since I had to stop and make a bushing. Maybe next time I'll just make the bushings and not bother with the parts made in China.
One of the Best Buffy Eps: Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the best television show on television and if you missed the first season you can catch up on what happened now with these awsome videos. It is good formatted and is a must for a buffy fanatic like myself...all of the books are good too!
Phenomenal Video!: This is an absolutely phenomenal video account of Alaska! The videography, music, and narration combine to make this a relaxing and educational viewing experience all wrapped up in one. My family and I truly enjoyed watching this video together, and it definitely made us want to travel to Alaska at some point ourselves! Thanks for sharing your trip and obvious love and respect for our natural wonders!
A Huge Dissapointment, Not a Complete Guide: I believe Al Ristori to be a well respected Fisherman who normally shares valuable information in a cut to the chase manner.But this book fails to live up to that reputation.It is definitely not a " complete guide to Saltwater Fishing ".Almost all of the information presented in the book is cookie cutter and generic information that can easily be found on the net for free.This book was clearly not a labor of love and Al merely put his well know name on it to bank some coin......and has disappointed me in the process....
Publisher?: I found the book itself to be interesting and entertaining, however I attempted to write a paper about it for school, but there is no publisher information or translator. I do not suggest this version of the book for students planning to use it in papers.
A good reference for basic techniques: I was looking for some more advanced features than were offered, but it looks like it will be helpful to me moving forward. I build alot of forms in Adobe Acrobat. If you have never done javascript in Acrobat, or have intermediate knowledge, it may be a helpfull book for you.
Mixed Up: This book would have been better if the couples were switched though to tell you the truth I don't understand why Bridig was even in the book, she was extremely irritating. Brodick was also another irritating character, I mean like some kind of wild caveman. I Liked Gillian and Ramsey and think they would have made a better couple. This is her first book where I think she overwrote the male lead. This is the first book I've read by JG that I wasn't crazy about but Gillian, Ramsey, Ian and Judith made up for the shortcoming with this one.
A True Romance - One of Garwood's Best: I absolutely loved this book and could not put it down. The heroine - Gillian - was full of courage and didn't back down when faced with problems. Laird Buchanen - the hero - is all man - but you can feel how much he cares for Gillian. At the same time - there are 3 or 4 other storylines taking place that culminate in the resolution of Gillian's main problem - will she get to see her sister? does she find the treasure? how will she get Alec to his home after he is kidnapped? who is the traitor to the Sinclairs? and more! I read this book in 2 sittings - and it left me feeling happy!
Killing your dog: In the chapter on Pets, Zahn lists "euthanizing your companion" as an option if "Fido or Kitty will not take kindly- ever- to your baby." (p103)This struck me as rather compassionless, especially for a book about parenting. She could have mentioned the possibility that some pet owners may have to find new homes for their companions, and left it at that.
Wonderful: This isn't just a history book laced with photos; this is also a personal view on the Cultural Revolution from the photographer's point of view. Informative and emotional at the same time. Wonderful.
Wanting to be a bombshell!: I bought this DVD almost a year ago. I finally decided to use it and I am happy that I did. I did find the DVD very helpful, the workouts are not long and there are some rest periods throughout each workout. In my opinion workout 2 is the hardest, I am not a fan of burpees at all but they do get easier. I do not really rest during the breaks, if I need a rest I take it, if not I fast forward to the next section. Overall a great workout! I will probably get her next DVD. I am new to the kettlebell thing and I am using a 10 pound bell. This seem like just the right size for a beginner.
For beginners...: I have been a exercise dvd junkie for years, Kettlebell dvds also. Although I like the exercises presented, I have some issues with her form. I know from personal experience, if you don't have your form correct, you can cause injury to other parts of your body as I did with my knees. Also, if you're advanced, you will be working out without her instruction, as she only does the beginner workout with you. Normally, trainers will either let beginners know when their time is up and continue on with the advanced exercisers. Lisa stops working out at the beginners level, which leaves you still working out by yourself, hopefully, finishing in time for the next exercise. I did pick up some good exercises but don't use this dvd as often as I would have liked. I will be sending it down the "resell" road.
Horrible!: I can't believe how awful this movie was and I love zombie movies. It was like watching a SyFy movie of the week. Waste of $$$$. Sucked.
Good series, bad doll: Well, if you are looking for a synopsis of the series, look at disk 1.This is probably one of my faovrite animes, and it's about time they brought it to the USA.Well now the important notes. This series DVDs as with most anime series DVDs are being released every other month. The doll that comes with the set has her feminine features far to over accentuated. I think mile long legs are great, but 2-3 mile long legs. Just get the regular DVD and save yourself a 10 spot.
Great for AP: Biotutor is an invaluable tool for any student taking AP Biology or struggling in a Biology class. Last year I took regular Biology and did very well. I think my average was an A or A-. But, thinking I was such a good Biology student I took AP. It was not the same their is more math in it than I expected. But thankfully I found Biotutor and am now a great Bio student.
Old Program, Poor Tutoring: The product once installed looks like its from 1990, and all it does is quiz you. It doesn't really explain anything and it's not very interactive. [...]
waste of paper and money!: As a list of what carts were made, it's ok. As a price guide this book is complete garbage. The prices it lists are guaranteed to get you laughed at and chased out of every video game store in America, if not the entire world.
pointless documentary: I mistakenly purchased this due to the similarity with the cover and STALINGRAD - DO YOU WANT TO LIVE FOREVER. This turned out to be just a pointless documentary on STALINGRAD like so many that had gone before. My bad...
Sterling Silver Hoop Charm Peace Sign Earrings: Earrings came quickly and as described. Hard to find these little peace sign earrings in a style that is not obnoxious. Perfect gift for 70's sister.
Disappointed: After reading reviews about every small wine cellar offered through Amazon, I ordered this item, hoping it would work. It arrived damaged. The cellar was sent UPS in just its original box, no extra packing to protect it. The plastic around the door was cracked. The door was also hanging at an angle. I actually considered keeping it even with the damage so I plugged it in and tested the temperature with a refrigerator thermometer. No matter what setting I put it on, the temperature remained at a constant 42 degrees which is too cold for storing red or white wine. Amazon made the return easy. They sent UPS to my house to pick up the item. I was very discouraged about the idea of ordering again. I finally ordered a Magic Chef wine cellar through Home Depot. It arrived well packed and seems to be working just fine.
A woman's transformation/ a professor's redemption: "Educating Rita" can be enjoyed at many levels of understanding. It can simply bring pleasure and good feelings. And it can be understood as a story of love that is harnessed for the growth of each person involved in the mentoring relationship. For a woman who has to take her own journey, it is validating. For a stale and jaded teacher, it is instructive. For any love relationship that develops between student and teacher, it shows - in the very best light - what can happen to each when they recognize the true purpose of their exciting and marvelous luck in being brought into each others lives. That luck is: nothing short of the transformation of both of them.It is my wish that life could be lived more often at this level, with passion, determination, humour, guts and grace.
soundtrack: can any body please tell me who made the music for the soundtrack?i want to know please tell me.thanx
Most Useful: This has become one of my most valued counseling companions. For those of you who are familiar with Glasser's Choice Theory, this is a great look into his actual practice techniques as he relates real case studies he has lead and how he has applied CT in real-life situations.Great read as well as a super resource.
A full range of emotions....: If you enjoy books that take you through the full range of emotions, I think you'll enjoy this story. It's a study of the human spirit that gives hope to all, no matter your circumstance. Full of caring, love, and compassion, the author seems to have a heart as big as Wyoming. My only wish was that the story had been longer...or that I can hope for a sequel.
Horrible book...: I had to read "Jim the Boy" for my freshman english course summer reading and thought that it was a horrible choice. It had no substance and was too easy to read. Although some apparently disagree, not a good choice for anyone over four years old.
Poignant and beautiful: This publication is absolutely beautiful. The stories, the pictures they all capture the unthinkable events of 9/11. I would recommend this book highly!
How to tickle your funny bone.: If you want to spend a fun evening with someone, watchingthis DVD is the perfect way to do it. It had us both institches. Bill Engvall is funny, funny, funny and doesn'thave to use foul words to do it.
Kai Hansen strikes again: No wonder it sounds alot like Helooween. Kai Hansen, and some other former members of Helloween are in this band, which is actually a side/hobby-project for Kai Hansen and friends, disgruntled with not being able to play 80's style power metal, they formed this great band on the side of their regular bands, like Gamma Ray and other bands.Also worth noting is the fact that they've just released a 4-track mini-CD, "Coming Home." I bought it only yesterday, and it, needless to say, ROCKS! There's a live version of "Atlantis is Falling". The cover of Judas Priest's "The Rage" is also terrific.
What! What! No Limits on the rise again!: Easily one of the dopest cds of the year 2000, but it'll probably get slepped on, because the haters are in full effect when it comes to No Limit. This cd can be listened to from the begining to the end without skipping a single song. The beats are excellent, even without Beats by the pound, the new production team is holding their own. You got to feel C-Murders maturity on this cd, hes taking his game to a whole other level. K-blaque----puttin it down for NoLimitsoldiers.com
EXPECTS TO MUCH FROM THE READER.. NOT GOOD FOR BEGINERS: THE BOOK COVERS A LOT OF STUFF AT ONCE IT SHOULD BE CALLED LEARNING TO PROGRAM THE HARD WAY DONT RECOMMEND FOR BEGINNERS MEABY JUST MEABY FOR ADVANCED PROFESSORS ..SORRY MY OPNION..DONT RECOMMEND IT TO LEARN FROM IT AS FIST VB BOOK AND BY THE WAY THE AUTHOR HAS A LOT OF GREAT BOOKS THE FIRST ONE I THINK WAS BETTER
Rockin' Scandinavians: I heard this group on the radio and had to have their cd, which I like very much. My only disappointment is that my favorite track, Sinklars vise, is incomplete. The singer is cut off midsentence and it was a longer song on the radio. Even though I can't understand the words, the rhythms are mesmerizing.
Horrible ending: I was totally enthralled by this entire series, even the Sherlock Holmes style story of Stonecutter but this ending was horrible. Took a perfectly good sword and sorcery series and turned it sci-fi. I'll read sci-fi when I want that, I read this series for magic and swordplay. I'd read the entire series again and simply leave this one out.
An Excellent Edition of Sesame and Lilies: This is an excellent edition of John Ruskin's Sesame and Lilies, the best I have found. The editors have not gone footnote-crazy; there are fortunately few. Supplementary materials such as the intro, chronology and glossary are well done and interesting, and the critical essays included are varied and very much worth reading. This ed. is part of Yale's "Rethinking the Western Tradition" series, all of which are well done.
Outstanding: Marriott was the man, and deserves to be remembered, but the fact that he was one of the best R&B vocalists this country's ever produced means anyone trying to do his songs justice is probably, with all the best intentions, going to struggle. Steve Ellis comes closest to hitting the notes, the best of his tracks being Song Of A Baker. Dennis Greaves, Simon "Honeyboy" Hickling, and Midge Ure all perform well. Both the tracks by Deborah Bonham are outstanding, in particular (If You Think You're) Groovy, which is easily the best thing on the album. The tracks by Weller/Gallagher/McLagen et al are good, but you'd expect better. As for Tony Rivers ripping the throat out of Itchycoo Park, the less said about it the better.Review in brief: Good Tracks - 18 out of 21. Best Track: (If You Think You're) Groovy, Deborah Bonham. Worst Track: Itchycoo Park, Tony Rivers. Worth buying? Yes, because the good tracks make up for the bad ones.
If you are a entrepreneur, you must read this book: I wanted to start my own business, but I knew nothing about entrepreneurship. After reading this book, I feel confident about my new business venture. It is impossible to explain how valuable a tool this book is.
Anecdotes help illustrate the practical and important ideas: 4 Secrets Of High Performing Organizations: Beyond The Flavor Of The Month To Lasting Results is a "user friendly" business manager's guide that emphasizes the importance of not falling into business or marketing "fads". Instead, business managers and supervisors can establish profitable and efficient organizations by using basic, solid principles of dialogue with the folks who really know what's going on, by keeping things clear and open, by effectively measuring success and excellence, and by balancing cost vs. quality. An extraordinary presentation of "common sense, uncommon wisdom" is presented in a straightforward, no-nonsense manner. Anecdotes help illustrate the practical and important ideas in this highly recommended instructional reference designed specifically for anyone having a responsibility at any level for the success and profitability of a business enterprise.
ATTENTION HISTORY LOVERS: For all of you that like English History with a twist of mystery than you will love the novella, THE DAUGHTER OF TIME by Josephine Tey. This is a mystery novel that deals a lot with English History and Old Kings and stuff, whic is something that I just don't mesh with. On a scale of one to ten I would have to rate this book a three. The reading was a bit hard, and I often found myself counting the pages until I was finished. Though I usually love mystery, this one was definitely a disappointment on countless levels. The book was written well and I think that if I had been a tad bit older and wiser on English History that I may have enjoyed it more. Overall I think that I would personally have to give the book two thumbs down.
This highly surprising telling....: ...of one of the oldest mysteries in England was thoroughly enjoyable. The story is told in an intelligent manner and seems to logically solve the mystery. Until I read another theory on these two little princes I find more believable I'll stick with this one!
Well-written, thought-provoking, British mystery.: I've given away at least a dozen copies. I don't want to spoil anyone's delight in reading, but I will say that the content remains controversial. Debby Goldstein
Give Tey a try.: Did Richard III have the princes in the Tower "done in?" That is one of the great mysteries of history, and Tey "solves" it in the Daughter of Time. Some critics consider this the greatest mystery novel ever written, and I concur. Have read hundreds of mysteries, many of them marvelous,but The Daughter of Time is the best.There are those who think Christie's The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is best. I don't because I had correctly figured out who the murderer was by page 2.
Mystery for history buffs (or a history for mystery buffs): Josephine Tey takes us through a wonderful unraveling of centuries old history. Was Richard III the evil murderer of the princes -- or not?I think this book one of the most fascinating mixes of history and mystery (two of my favorite areas) and reread it regularly. So when my book club asked me to recommend a mystery, this was an easy choice (backed up by it's ranking as one of Amazon's best mysteries of the Century). Well, they hated it. Why bother solving a centuries old mystery? So I offer this experience to say that this is a terrific book if you like mysteries or English history. Others may not care for it.
A "big" short read: Wonderfully written and hugely educational, taking the reader from the theory of historical evidence to the stories of King Richard III
poor quality: These pajamas last only two months before the silk started to tear at the waist and in the crotch area. For this price I would expect that they would have been much better quality and last longer than two months.
Ripped off.: I recently bought these silk pajamas for my husband's birthday. Within a week, all the button fell off the top and the fabric frayed 2 - 3 inches wide along the seams in the pants along the thighs. I paid $160 dollars for these pajamas, more than silk PJs listed from other suppliers on Amazon, expecting I was buying quality. After a week's use, they are heading for the rag bag and I feel defrauded.
Very disappointed: This arrived in a different package and bottle than shown. The box has tear marks and is beat up. It also has a nasty, dirty spot where some sort of sticker was removed. What a great looking Christmas gift this will make.
Paper feed nightmare: I just wanted to add my voice to those who already mentioned the problems with paper feed. Not long after I bought this model (but too late to return)it started having problems with the paper feed. I now have to hand feed each piece of paper, and even then it sometimes doesn't work. The print quality is fine, but what good is it if you can't get the paper in. I now have to replace this "new" printer. That was a couple of hundred dollars wasted.
yes total waste of money: This is the second HP printer I bought and frankly the only reason I tried this printer was because of the network connectivity. I haven't written many reviews before, but this product is soo bad that I had to add to the list of angry customers. Getting the printer to load 1 piece of paper is a nightmare. Now i get paper jam warnings when there is no paper in the bloody machine. Anyone see office space? yeah after I get my new Canon printer, i will re-enact that scene. perhaps i should record it and send it to HP?
DO NOT PURCHASE: I have actually not yet had the paper feed issue like the rest of the reviewers, but this product has been horribly implemented. I have continually had issues with attempting to install the 160+ MB driver and HP Solution Center software on multiple different computers running different Operating Systems. The scanner is about worn out, as it makes a horrible grinding noise when scanning which started to occur within months of the purchase. HP used to be known for their great quality in printers, but this is unfortunately no longer the case. Do Not Buy.
Paper jams, bloated driver, shutdowns: To begin, the software installation is a headache. I had trouble installing it even though I work in IT. Why do you need a 40MB - 200MB driver that requires you to turn off your Anti-virus during installation?! The printer jams often and will sometimes shutdown while printing. While I think HP business grade printers are great, this consumer grade printer is junk.
Yes, the paper does not feed correctly!: I am in complete agreement with the rest of you who have had paper feeding problems. The printer was fine at first although difficult to set up (software). Now, a month later, the printer either doesn't take the paper or jams. It has nothing to do with the quality of the paper. I am also surprised that this wasn't discovered in testing. I also noticed that the ink cartridges keep getting smaller. What a rip off. I have had it with HP printers. I will never buy another.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit: I bought this movie new, but it will not play on my DvD player. I have tried several other players/machine to play this in & it will not work in any of them. I am very disappointed with this product. When I was looking at it on Amazon, it didn't say it was not compatable with any system.
no: Why did you send a dvd that you are very sure it does not work here in The United States? Does it make any sense for you? Why don't ask us to be sure before send it to another Country? If you know that it won't work on that Country?
Idk: It doesn't play in normal DVD players. So idk where I could watch it. I was looking forward to watching it.
Took My Breath Away: Ok, maybe I'm exaggerating just a little. Maybe it didn't exactly take my breath away, but it is an incredible DVD. This is a real good movie, however "not exactly a phenomenon" as Steven Speilberg claims in a brief interview on the DVD. The DVD in itself with all the extra bonus materials is outstanding. I found it to be very informative and very interesting to see how this movie was made and just how much dedication and extremely hard work it took just to get all the years-worth animation included with the live-action, get it produced, make countless sketches, and finally get it out to the theaters. Well done. Very well done. I couldn't be more pleased and more impressed with this special DVD release. It's definitely a must-have.
Five stars aint nothin'. I'd Give it 10000 If I could: My Grandmother bought this for me when I was 2 years old. I've loved since then. I havent watched it in a while so I decided to watch it one day when nothing was interesting on T.V. This movie bought back so many memories of when me, my cousins (who I havent spoken to since i was 8) and friends were little. I knew every song and every line. Get this movie. It's a classic and a good movie for adults as well as kids. You wont regret buying this.
Hooked on the Brothers!: Super Mario Bros. is a video game movie that is memorable in the way that may surprise you. The witty dialogue and rapport between Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo as Mario and Luigi, respectively, make this film a real treat upon repeated viewings. Although it features a look that may remind people more of Blade Runner than Super Mario Bros., it has the same charm in its set design that other 1990s science-fiction films have, such as Total Recall or Demolition Man. The tone shifts all over the place from light and comedic to dark and frightening, but the sheer inventiveness on display here make Super Mario Bros. worth a watch. Dennis Hopper gives a performance straight out of a David Lynch film in this one. Watch this flick and I guarantee you'll be hooked on the brothers!
One of the worst movies ever made!: OK, I'm not going to get into this movie's lack of similarities to the video games;this movie just plain sucks. I can't see why anybody over the age of twelve can enjoy this piece of you know what. Come on, this movie has horrible acting, a dreadfully bad story and "hilariously" unfunny jokes. I think you people who gave this movie five stars really need professional help, 'cause one star is far too generous. I'm not saying all the media incarnations of mario sucked;the cartoons were actually pretty good. But this movie, in my opinion is what caused that chain of cartoons to end.
A misunderstood and fun film.: Not much I can say except that this movie is often riffed on for all the wrong reasons.Yes, the movie is indeed flawed in many respects. But at the same time, it has a lot of great set pieces, music, good dialogue, good CG and animatronics, and a a scene using Joe Satroni music.It's just a fun movie, worth riffing on if you hate it, but a fun movie if you appreciate it for exactly what it is supposed to be, a fun ride.
Could have been better!: I am a big fan of the Super Mario Brothers - the video game and the TV show. I had high hope for this movie, but boy what a waste of time this was. This movie sure give the Super Mario Brothers a bad name. If you haven't seen this movie, I envy you. Nothing like the game of the show. It NEVER should have been made; period.
good, Its GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!(Jim Carrey voice): I saw this movie way back when it came out in the theaters but that was so long ago so when I seen it on Amazon I had to get it to see if it was as good as i remember it and it was better. I tell you it is hard to even take it from the player. I think it's really good. Dennis Hopper does a great job as Koopa and the Mario Bros. are great. And for those of you who might think that the princess's name should be Peach not Daisy you are a little off the page. The character of Daisy first shows up in Super Mario Land as Luigi's girl while Peach is Mario's. DUH!!
flawed concept: Here's my problem: While I do think we create a lot of our own problems in this life, I don't think every single situation in life is one of our own creation. To me, saying that we create everything in our lives through our "thought vibrations" is saying that people in the world who are suffering are just not thinking correctly. Our experiences come to us because of our thoughts and beliefs? Really? So, for example, the Jews killed during the Holocaust were just not sending out enough positive energy? Granted, what the author is really talking about is MUCH smaller situations in our everyday lives, ones we can control. But still, this blanket statement about the power of thought really bothered me. Also, I was looking for more concrete "how to" information, which I found a bit lacking in this book. I know the author was going for simplicity, but I found the illustrations and exercises a bit too simplistic and not terribly helpful.
Pity the Fool who Don't Buy This: The best part about the A-Team (besides no one getting hurt, the homemade weapons, the Team member's personalities, and the bad badguys) was the music. From the intro, to Face srenading his girl-du-jour, or Murdock talking to his invisible dog, to B.A. helping out at the Youth Center, to the raging firefights and homemade weapons, to the end credits, the music in A-Team was always appropriate for the setting, and always good. I love it when a soundtrack comes together!
Rosemary's Baby: This dvd came from England & would not play on my player so I have returned it & I am waiting on a credit. I would not have ordered this had I know it was coming from England & that I might have a problem
I loved everything about this movie: The acting is fantastic. Direction outstanding. Chilling in every sense of the word. I love this movie! One of my top ten.
A Face Only A Mother Could Love !!: Yes, Devil Conspiracy at it's finest..this is a true 1960ish classic and another epic from Roman Polanski.How the lifestyle of Doris Day becomes satanic..This Devil worship genre was heavy stuff in the mid 1960's coming as it did with the saga of Sharon Tate, Charles Manson and Polanski somehow tied into all of this.Nonetheless murder is murder and this movie is the depiction of darkness, Lucifer, evil with the premise of the birth of the antichrist.Rosemary herself (a witch not by choice), battles endlessly with herself and her emotions as if reason could win.... This movie blurs all distinction between madness and reality as seen through the eyes of Rosemary.A truly remarkable groundbreaking flick that contrasts good and evil, passion and reason, a highly entertaining movie with a a great cast of future stars.The extras are good.
Michael sings the classics: These are the best-known "hits" from the best-loved shows -- the songs you go home humming -- and Michael's gorgeous and evocative voice really delivers the goods. Love this tour of great moments on stage.
Unbelieveable video and interesting stories: Unlike most of the reviews here, I was able to play this HD DVD without any problems. I use my Xbox 360 to play HD DVDs, which is able to automatically get any updates that are needed.Anyway, the movie follows the stories of multiple Italian people, all of different ages and background, as they embark on different milestones in their lives. The video is full of beautiful shots with great hi-def detail. The narration really adds to the video as none of the people speak English.I definitely would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Italy. My wife and I went there a few years ago and were happy to once again see places that we had visited.
Wish I had read the reviews ...: These videos are fantastic from a documentary perspective, but someone on the manufacturing crew screwed up the Italy & Austrailia disks. DO NOT BUY until the problem is fixed ... you'll just have to send them back.
Disappointed: I only wish that more time was devoted to the natural beauty of Italy and its cities,towns and natural coutryside, particulary in the north, as opposed to horse racing, auto racing etc.
FIRMWARE FIXED IT: I just updated to the newest firmware (1.5 4/12/2007) and the disc is now PLAYABLE in my XA2. Big relieve for all I hope. Review of the source to follow.
Does not work.: Read the reviews about this disk not working. Figured they were old reviews and had fixed the problems. Very disappointed in that they are still selling this defective disk. Brand new XBox HD DVD player refuses to boot with this.
Good CD Player, but third-rate headphones.: This CD player is a great one when it comes to travel and portability. But only four months after I got it, the headphones stopped working (properly). When they do work, they don't work on the left side, and you usually have to play around with it before it does. But still, it's a great system. Nice audio quality, too.
Detailed, but not to much.: I was impressed with how Mr. Philbrick was able to share just the right amount of detail. When reading the narrative of the canniblaism I was just about to shout, enough! when he stopped. The book flowed well and was never boring. The explanations of whaling and the culture, both in Nantucket and on ship, were well done. The sadness of wrong decisions and how they can have such a devestating affect on others is something many of us can relate to as we make decisions throughout life. I appreciated the Epilogue, but felt the extensiveness of the Notes were unnecessary. It was already evident that much research had gone into this book. This book is certainly not for everyone. those who are looking for a love story will not find it here. It is a true story about people coping in an extreme situation and what they feel they must resort to.
A SEA AND SURVIVAL STORY OF EPIC PROPORTIONS: This true story takes place in the early to middle 1800's and its location on Nantucket Island and in the middle of nowhere..asea. You learn that looking for whales is a group effort and when one is found, a grueling and dangerous activity to land it. The ship Essex was sunk by a whale and that was the inspiration for writing Moby Dick. It is most interesting reading about the survival of a few and how they eventually made it back to land. A pageturner.
Riveting Story of Survival (and Death) at Sea: This is one of my favorite books of all time. The shocking sinking of the Essex (the inspiration for Moby Dick) is only the beginning of what the author turns into a gut-wrenching tale of a handful of sailors desperately trying to stave off starvation, thirst and madness as they try to make it from the middle of the Pacific back to South America. Philbrick's writing is clear, powerful and incredibly engaging. It's a hard book to both put down and get out of your mind after finishing it.
Inside the Whalers: Philbrick takes the reader on a journey like no other, and explains each wave along the way. I couldn't put it down. I had a special interest in that my great-great-grandfather was a whaling captain ("Master"), and traveled those waters with my great-grandfather as a toddler on board. My one criticism of the author's perspective is what he didn't critique - cannibalism! I know it is easy to point fingers when I was not there, starving and dying of thirst, but the author went too far in the other direction and became their justifiers, based on the accounts of two survivors who chose to eat their friends. Why was there not a serious discussion about chosing to die with dignity rather than deify life at the cost of eating and drinking your friends? Perhaps the men who died earlier did hold to this. Why was that not a significant part of this work?Nevertheless, thank you Nate Philbrick for a book that should be made into a movie, with some of this balance.
great historical account of good and bad leadership: a bare facts historical account of the sinking of the Essex by a sperm whale and the enfolding events after that. The failure of the captain led to unnecessary loss of life when he gave in to his first mate's influence to sail east in the small whaleboats, in spite of his own gut feeling that they should sail west. We may not like some of the decisions they made in order that some of them might have the chance to stay alive, but we until we are in their shoes we cannot be judgmental.great book
What a wonderful Story: What a wonderful and often time touching story. It is very hard to believe what those men went thru. They were dealt one bad card after another and yet they still endured. I recommend this book to everyone. Especially those who think that they have is bad.
In the Heart of the Sea: The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex.: The condition is somewhat less than perfect -- but not much.The book is wonderful. Fascinating story and Very well researched and written.
The sinking of the whale ship Essex: This book is a wonderful story of the lives of the sailors on the whaling ships of the period. Their adventure on the ship Essex as it left port sailing for new grounds . Little was know about the islands of the Pacific and in thisstory it was a sad effect that could have made their rescue shorter and saved some lives. Some parts of the story even though it was factual was too much detail in the death of some of the ship mates.Their lives, after their rescue, I found interesting in the way that they personally found solace in the jobs theytook up.I would recommend this book. It was the chosen book by our Book Club of women and all found it interesting .
How does this novel stack up with the Penguin Version?: I haven't read this book, but I was wondering how this book stacks up with the Penguin version 'The Loss of the Whale Ship Essex, Sunk By A Whale?' From what I understand, this novel is a retelling of events while the Penguin Classics is the actual accounts of two of the crew members? I'm a bit torn as to which one I should read/purchase. All comments are very much appreciated.
An Exciting Tale of Survival: The sinking of the Essex by a whale is probably most famous as the inspiration for Herman Melville's Moby Dick but in In the Heart of the Sea (The Tragedy of the Whaleship Essex) by Nathaniel Philbrick, the reader will be engaged in an adventure more exciting than most works of fiction. The author skillfully combines elements from the accounts of two survivors to locate the truth of the tale. In addition, one will become immeresed in the history of Nantucket, the whaling industry (including graphic accounts of the hunt not for the faint hearted), and other elements of this particular place and time in history. An exciting read and a fine speciman of that popular creature, the true survival story. Highly recommended.
Poetry with a knack for memorable imagery.: Paul Hoover is an experienced and successful poet having published six earlier books of award winning poetry. Totem And Shadow: New and Selected Poems continues to document his impressive talent wedded to an innate knack for memorable imagery. After Miss Graven's Remarks: Boy, my left eye cries when I see kids/play violins and things. How did they get/so young? And I can't stop my fractures/when they strike toy xylophones in a song/too sentimental, mechanical sugarplum fairies./It's brutal of them t kill me with growing up/like this, and Mrs. Pollen, who tends them,/why is she so kind under her matronly woolens?/What is so appealing in a clumsy, fuzzy/third-grader, ghostly in polyester as any/sad adult? Sure, there's no god to do it,/but they should have bright violent minds/to brace them for a while, and one tough look/keep them when Christmas isn't the mood.
Not the real thing: I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the amazingly low price for this product. I guess I got what I paid for since these pills did not work at all. The ingredients list the same as Phazyme but offered no relief.
A sports world comedy sporting two wonderful stars: Hepburn and Tracy at their finest in the story of a female athlete and her shady agent. An agent who turns out to be a good guy when he finds the right woman in the guise of Hepburn. Hepburn got to display her range of athletic skills in this film alongside some of the great female golfers and men and women tennis stars of the 1950's.Great film.
Yuck: I must respectfully disagree with the 5 star rating for this CD. The reason being is that I have never heard such muck up of Vivaldi's "Four Seasons". I have to admit I bought this CD purely for Piazzolla's "4 Seasons" and now I am convinced that I definitely must search for a different performance of it, being almost certain that this one is not doing it justice.
Still a Mystery: Anybody who is interested in learning about the beauty of Sufism should not turn to this book. This book, in fact, does not examine anything of intellectual, spiritual, or social value as related to Sufism or Islam. I have come across many books written by so-called Sufi Masters, who expound upon the complexity of the universe with inspirational imagery. This is not one of them. While books in this genre easily turn into polemics, this one surely takes the unenlightened cake. The stream of consciousness writing style lacks purpose in this setting and appears to have been an 'easy way out' of organizing a coherent book of ideology.
Great book: Very good book. Quick read, good story and beautiful illustrations. Got this for myself to read, but am going to have my 9yr old read it as well.
Works great! love it!: I was able to easily search for a wireless network and set up my Tivo to my wireless internet! Works flawlessly!
TiVo wireless adapter: If you can't connect your TiVo using an Ethernet cord then this is the next best thing. This is the only wireless adapter that you should using if you own a TiVo. This adapter was specifically design for TiVo.
Tivo Wireless Adapter: Making Tivo apart of my wireless network was easy to do and now I can watch what is on either Tivo no matter which room I am in.
Great Buy: Bought this item for half or what a local computer store wanted. Worked right out of the box. Very good product.
TiVo wireless adaptor: Quick to ship and arrive, price better than from TiVo. Only annoyance is that TiVo requires a specialized wireless G USB adaptor.
Works as it should: Got it, opened it, plugged it in, entered my net info, and Bob's your flippin' Mother's sister's brother!
Tivo wireless adapter: Great product, works extremely well. My modem is in my basement and the adapter is upstairs. I get an 85% signal strength. Highly recommend.
not too compatible with iMac: the set-up requirement for the Tivo wireless connector to my Apple wireless network would require me to change the setup of all the other components on my network. When Tivo worked on the network, my printer didn't. It was less of a hassle to get an ethernet cable and plug it in.
wasted my money: I spent an entire afternoon trying to get this piece of junk to talk to my wireless network. Went through the steps a bazillion times . It found my network and could not get an IP address ( after WEP key entered). Customer service were on the phone with me for hours and I think it safe to say we tried everything. Their final suggestion was call your ISP (Comcast) who were unable to help.So - I bought a new Tivo specifically to use on my network so I could broadcast my MP3 collection through my AV system and cant. Add to the fact thatthe new Tivo is giving problems switching channels and you can see what a giant step backwards I took - If I could give this zero stars I would!
Wireless is the way to go!: This little gizmo works as promised. It's great if you want to transfer shows from one TV to another in your house. You can also download programs to your laptop providing you have TiVo to Go Plus. I'll never get stuck with another clunker of a movie on an airplane again.It took me a little time to figure out that in the "setting up" stage of connecting your adapter, you weren't supposed to enter the router's password but rather the complicated encryption key.
Works.: Easy installation. Tivo has a rating of reception, and I couldn't get it to go more than 50-58%. But it still works.
It works: This wireless adapter is the only one that worked right for my Tivo. I had bought one at Radio Shack of a different brand and it did not work at all. But the TiVo Adapter was easy to plug in and set up. I have been able to watch online movies through netflix and now I don't need to plug in the ethernet cord to the modem/router.
Real Plug and Play: Plugged it in and my Series 2 DT popped up a config screen, entered my WPA password and I was good to go. Simple set and good range.
It works: Not too much to say about this adapter. It does what it's supposed to. Sure an N adapter would be better but even the G is over priced.
Great product!: Easy to setup without having to read the manual (haha) and works great without having to worry about compatibility problems.
Works perfectly and a great price.: Short and sweet. Had it working flawlessly for 2 weeks now. No problems at all.
Great price and works perfect: I paid less and got the exact same Tivo wireless adapter as sold by Tivo. I have had no problems and now I get updates and download shows to my computer without any cables..
Tivo Wirelss G: Ordered on same day as Tivo but came 8 - 10 days later. Caused a delay in hooking up. It would helpful to ensure shipping at the same time, especially when one unit is dependant on the other. Unit dropped off line after the first installation and had to be rebooted. Seems to be OK now.This is my first Tivo and adapter so I have nothing to compare this product with.
Works with my Pioneer DVR-810H: I had purchased another wireless network adapter that wouldn't work for my DVR (approx. 4+ yrs old now). This TiVo adapter connected and works great. Saved a lot of cash too by purchasing through Amazon instead of TiVo directly...
Died 12/29/09 purchased 3/2007: I have 4 Tivo's in the house and each uses a different type of WiFi adaptor. I bought the Tivo AG0100 to connect my Series 2 to my Linksys Router in 2007 to replace a Linksys adaptor to get better speed. Never got the faster speed but it worked fine for 2 1/2 years and died suddenly. I giving two stars because it did not last very long. The other WiFi adaptors (Linksys and Microsoft) are still working and they are older. I do want to note that the Tivo WiFi adaptor runs hot, while the others are not even warm.
Great product and easy to use!: We unpacked this small module, plugged it into the TiVo, followed the on-screen instructions, and we were set up within 15 minutes. We cancelled our landline telephone service, not considering that our TiVo subscription required dial-up access. We ordered this product right away, and it arrived within 3 days, and was simple to set up. So far, no problems!
I like Hardy, but I loved the Mayor: I like this story the most of Hardy's works. An interesting tale with some good, realistic characters. I think I'll read it again.
I liked this book.: At first, I was a little confused as to how Hardy could stretch what seemed to be a simple plot into such a long novel--especially because the story in blurb on the back cover happened within the first 50 pages. But the story is more than the blurb on the back cover. It is about betrayal, last wishes, the "evils" of drink, and how one mistake can affect you 21 years down the road. Hardy's fatalistic view, seen through Henchard, is, at times, enough to drive the reader crazy.Like many of the other reviewers here, I cried throughout the book. There are constant turns in the story line that at times uplift your soul, and then crash it into the depths of depression. This book is not an easy read though. There are sections that you will struggle to get through because it is dry, but then there are others that will keep you up at night rushing to finish.I liked this book slightly less than I liked _Tess_, but it was _Tess_ that made me buy this book. Enjoy!
Dubious creation: There is already a book very similar to this one about a dog's adventure in Paris. Findley took credit,with the true author's approval however, for this book that John Demires actually entirely wrote. The book was indeed entertaining and it gave a good overview of many of New Orleans' novel attractions.
Hard questions....Real Answers: This book asks some hard questions in the way it scrutinizes the bible. Reverend Teel then answers the questions in a way that makes sense and gives a real understanding of the possibilities. The book asks the reader to set aside all preconceived notions on religion, Jesus, and God and take a look at it in a most unique way. I went into the book on the defensive as a fundamentalist Christian and found myself following the argument of Reverend Teel and even, at moments, agreeing with him. While I certainly don't agree with all of the points he brings out, he does bring up some really good questions and gives some really provocative and thought provoking answers. He asks the reader only to keep an open mind and in the end I was moved by the book, I'm recommending it to all of my friends.
Snooz-a-pa-looza: Total waste of celluloid, not to mention time, money etc. Not entertaining at all. Not creative at all. Not artistic in the least. Absolutely nothing happens in this ill attempt at making something provocative. The viewer gets to accompany someone, who resembles Cobain, for an uneventful, boring walk in the woods and a mission to avoid any contact with anyone else. The only thing that kept me from ejecting the DVD was my faith in ole Gus. I kept saying to myself," this can't be all there is to this film." I kept waiting until even all the credits had rolled, as if there would be some surprise or explanation for wasting all that film. SNORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRE!
horrible!!!: I have to say that I am a pretty big Kurt fan. I was excited when this movie came out because I felt it might actually be pretty good. The only good thing I can say about this movie was that the actor looked semi-like Kurt, and thats it!! It was a def. bummer and I had to pull myself through it!! I really cant understand why we cant just leave him alone!! Hes a great artist with a great band! The legend should be left to rest in peace!! Kurt's probably turning in his grave over this. If you have ever read anything about him you would know this is not what he would have wanted!! All in all take my word for it, this is a waste of money and time!!
Worst.movie.ever.: Absolute worst movie that I have ever seen, I never write movie reviews but this was so bad and hopelessly boring that I felt obligated to say something......Heres the movie: Guy stumbles around his house mumbling to himself in a dress with a shotgun...treated to a full boyz2men video on a tv...guy stumbles around and sits in a greenhouse mumble mumble...silence and camera focused on a bush for 2 mins...guys drunk friends come to his house guy plays a song 2 guys kiss and lay on eachother in bed...guy makes mac and cheese....guy dies in his greenhouse.....awesome movie....makes me want to watch dude wheres my car
What a waste!: Unfortunately this is supposed to be inspiration for the last days of Kurt Cobains life. Leave it to this jackass who sold out to everything Kurt Cobain wasn't. Let alone this story was told from someone whom never met the man. Merely this movie was from someone who watched "The Doors" too many times. What a waste, another person selling out to the all mighty dollar trying to make his film career. I'd recommend buying any album from Nirvana if you want to know the true singer in the shadows.
Dissapointed...: I caught this movie a while ago while it was playing still playing at the theater. I was very saddened by how dissapointing it turned out to be. I'm sorry, Michael Pitt is the wrong choice to play Kurt Cobain (even if this is just inspired after the famous late musician). The trouble is, I don't think anyone could really play Kurt. I suppose there are people in this movie (Kim Gordan of Sonic Youth and the director Gus Van Sant) who actually knew Kurt while he was alive, so they know something I don't obviously. Regardless of the mis-casting, in my opinion, the film is terribly slow and ultimately kind of pointless. We already know how it's going to end (like with "Elephant") but the same director asks that he keep our attention spans going till the end to satisfy his obsession with these real life tragic outcomes. I admire Van Sant's lofty goal to create a piece of cinema to attribute to my hero Kurt, but it just falls short in the end.
Difficult Read: This story is one of the most difficult stories I have read thus far. I am supposed to summarize the story for an English Majors course; but because the sentences are so long and tangled, I keep losing track of which character is being talked about. I have read and reread the story, but still have difficulty summarizing the story. The excruciatingly long paragraphs are what makes it so difficult to follow. Use caution when reading this story.
An Insult to the English Language: I just finshed reading it for my sophomore honors class, and I am sure that I will never voluntarily read Faulkner ever again. Throughout the novel, there is no use of punctaution, such as an apostrophe, and the sentences run on for as long as a whole page. The first hundred pages require more attention than A Tale of Two Cities, and the narration gets worse from there! It's as if Faulkner didn't want to appeal to or reach any person. And to make matters worse, there are no book notes anywhere, save essays, that can help understand it. And so don't read this voluntarily, but, if you have to, good luck and hope that they have made sparknotes for Intruder in the Dust.
Don't waste your money - buy 3rd edition used.: The back cover states "Thoroughly updated for it's Fourth Edition". Not true. The only difference between this and the 3rd edition is that the three Clinical Problem sets at the back of the 3rd edition (pages 347-383) have been replaced by a set of additional questions called the Maintenance of Certification Primer (pages 345-375). In the first 345 pages there may be a few questions that have changed between the 2 editions but I haven't found one yet - even chapter 7, the Pictorial Atlas, is unchanged. And I suspect the same will be true for the 4 online practice exams. Bottom line - buy the 3rd edition used for about $2 and save yourself $60. Still, this book is ok for FP boards as is Swanson's.
Great for Novices who want to stay that way: Elaine and Peter are career authors. They obviously don't use the products they write about, and this book is no exception. It is lacking in common sense, good advice, and practical tips and techniques. This series tends to be quite good overall, but the authors' obvious unfamiliarity with the product they are writing about shines through vividly.If that weren't bad enough, many of the examples are poor quality and look bitmapped! In a vector book! Shame!
Expected more...: not as good as Celtic Woman or Hanley Westenra ... I would say not half good. I can say they have great talent, but artistically ... wrong managed. Stopped watching after 30 min.
High Energy Performance: These women ROCK! This is a wonderful performance by 4 very talented string musicians. It is impossible to watch this video and not start dancing, or at the least, tapping your feet. I enjoy watching it while I'm cooking--really gets me in a festive mood. Highly recommend it if you enjoy up-tempo, contemporary music.
Didn't quite live up to expectations, but still enjoyable: As musicians, Bond really stands out, even on this DVD, but as show-women, they need a lot of work. Haylie quickly became annoying as the spotlight hog. And as a group, they didn't do much in the way of actual "entertaining". They simpy played their music. It may possible that it was planned that way....consider the British audience....but if that was the case, they should have recorded some other performance for release on DVD. In short, if you are a fan of Bond, you will want this, but don't expect too much from it.
Useless for Home theatre or TV show.: This product is good for UK only. To play in USA you need to find a DVD player which has capability for changing Region Code to UK and that you may be able to do it on computer but not on DVD player in USA. I order it in USA, prodact came from Uk and I couldn't play it on my most advanced DVD player.
Wonderful Techniques!: I am now a devoted Jean Warren fan! 1-2-3 Math is great for the under 5 set! I have two children, 4 and 2, and they both have gained so much from the easy activities in this book!
Solid overall: Helmut Rilling does well with large scale works of Bach, which is a plus on the B Minor Mass. Everything is well articulated, with solid bass lines (often lacking in "authentic" performances). He captures the faith aspect very well. His "crucifixus" is the best I have heard in capturing the pain of the cross, followed by the brilliant contrast of "et resurrexit". He has an excellent cast of soloists. It flows well, but has a very slight feel of heavy-footedness. It has none of the dance quality so prominent in the Mauersberger recording (Rudolf Mauersberger one of few who can bring out both dance and devotion). Overall, most people who are not too much into "Historically Informed" would find this quite satisfying.
Excellent Service: I order the water shoes and was very pleased with my purchase. It is excatly what I wanted and I got it in no time flat. I was a little hesitant about ordering on line but this experience was well worth it..
Well made, but runs a little small: Five-star rating for the quality of the product, but they run small. I ordered a large and it was just too small for me. I wear 36" pants comfortably, although I measure 38" around my waist at its thickest point. My thigh is 25" at its thickest point, and I measure 41" around my butt.
used to be good: I have lots of these , using them almost daily as underware . my first pair having purchased at least 6 years ago. my two most recent purchases of these has yielded a variety of quality and sizes . seems like they are being made in multiple overseas sweet shops with little quality control . won't be buying again
Wrong size: I have no idea how good or bad this item is. Amazon advertised size M for this item and I ordered it. When it came it was S. and I didn't know it until after my grandson brought it back saying it was the wrong size. When I looked it was a S. I had thrown all the papers away so I am stuck with a size small for the next yard sale I have or someone has.
Works as Advertised: No complaints for wicking abilities and chafing prevention. Just make sure you pull down the cuffs before you start running otherwise your "area" may be irritated by the bunching of this and your underwear. Once you remember to do that, you're set!
Dumping it down the drain: This product obviously works well for most but it made my twins extremely fussy, gassy, and spit up like crazy. Not only did I hate to see them screaming with discomfort, but it was the hardest day I've had yet as a new mom to twins. Yes, I said "day." I took MMP as directed for only one day. The babies fussed all day and night leaving me no time to pump to even see if there was an increase in supply. I cut out the MMP and went back to plain fenugreek the next day and everyone is happy again. I'm pretty sure it's the blessed thistle that caused the issues. I tried previously adding blessed thistle capsules to my supplementation routine and we had similar issues, although not anywhere near the degree as with MMP. I hate leaving a negative review for a product so widely loved and touted, but I didn't find anything about effects similar to my experience so I felt the need to share.
Original poem not used, images were of modern players: There are several altered versions of Thayer's classic poem in existance.This book uses one of them.I love this poem, and I wish the author had stuck with the original.Especially when Ernest Lawrence Thayer is listed as the author!Also- the images of Casey and the spectators are of modernday participants. Casey is wearing a helmet and his name andnumber are on the back of his uniform. Not like a playerin 1888 at all.Leroy Neiman is a great artist, and that is the only reason I give this2 stars.
This seems like an excuse to get Hester back on the battlefield.: Not one of the stronger entries in the series, SLAVES OF OBSESSION suffers from too many set pieces and not enough of the emotional complexity usually found in this series. Far too much time is spent on the philosophical battle between Union and Confederate issues; battles better detailed in many other works, and not enough on developing a strong narrative. The trip to America for Monk and Hester to recapture an American and his runaway English teen on a charge of murder is relatively ridiculous and only serves as an opportunity for Perry to showcase Hester's nursing ability. It's an interesting scene, but really just fills pages and does not move the narrative forward. Even the mystery's solution resolution left me less than satisfied, a perfunctory ending to a pedestrian entry in the series.
maya: I loved the cover when I saw it, and I was very excited to receive it. I like this artists music, but was not too thrilled with this CD. It was not what I thought it would be, and very "jungle like"
A Lesson in Human Tragedy: This piece is ultimate Steinbeck. The author has limited his characters to two major ones and a few ancillary ones. The book is short, however, the tale is told thoroughly. The reader feels so very sorry for George. George is a study of loyalty, decency and patience and how one feels so utterly responsible for the life of another human being-in this case his childhood friend, Lennie, who is somewhat mentally challenged. This book is a sad account of the fragility of human beings and how one person will be loyal to the other person til the end-even if he needs to commit murder to show it. The character, Candy, is so very pathetic too and his comments about " a stranger killing my old dog" are so very sad! One tends to think that it was because of Candy feeling badly about a stranger killing his dog that George does what he does. This is a beautiful book!
Of Mice and Men! More like Manly Mice!: I found several critical problems with this play, including narrative structure, plot thematics, metaphorical irony, and satirical narcissism. Serious scholars need not apply. The books are not for the people to do with Lenny and Carl. Shooting the tragedy in the end is an unfortunate incident for the lives of everyone on the earthen structures. If you're good looking for Steinbeck, I suggest the "Rapes of Wrath."
Read this book!!: I thought that Of Mice and Men was a pretty good book. It told a story of a relationship between two friends. If you don't like cussing in a book then this is not the one to read. Otherwise it was really good.
A Simple Story That Says So Much: Short, but marvelous. That's Of Mice and Men in three words, but that nutshell does extreme injustice to the true wonder of this classic.Through this tale, John Steinbeck was able to say so much, in so little words. Never before have I seen so many themes bonded so seemlessly together, without being boring and flat. No, Of Mice and Men was enjoyable, and I would never mind reading it again. I will never forget Of Mice and Men, for it has found its own special place in my heart, and forever there it will remain.
Lexi A.W., student of Maces Lane Middle School the best book I have ever read: Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was the best book I have ever read. The characters, the mentally retarded Lennie and the tough George, are on the run from people from Weed. Lennie was accused of trying to rape a girl in a red dress when he actually wanted to touch it since it was so soft. After that, they find a ranch in Salinas, California to work on for a while. There are conflicts and solutions all at the same time.My favorite character was Lennie because even though, he was really mentally retarded, he was kind and did nothing out of harm. He knew that George loved him by giving tough love while on the ranch. All he thought about was the rabbits. "I get to tend the rabbits" was my all time favorite quote because he always said it to remind himself what he was going to do when they got off the farm. Sometimes, I always thought he was rather hopeful even when he was sad.
Of mice and men - Izzy G: Of mice and men was a great book. It told about how and little man named, George who was smart and a dumb man, Lennie who was really big and strong. This book explained how the one man helps out another guy that isnt smart at all and just needs taking caring of because his Aunt Clara died. Well while they both keep working on the fields Bucking Barley, they come up with an idea to own a house and a couple of acres. Well Lennie loves to rub soft things, so he wants to just get the house and tend the rabbits. The book is just a good book of how good of friends can work together and when something goes wrong a friend has to do the thing that is best for the other.
Great piece of american literature.: I was in 9th grade when i read this book for the first time and i was very impressed. In my opinion this book is one of the finest books ever written by an american author(Steinbeck). It takes place in the early 1900's where 2 friends find a job helping out on a farm. They meet several interesting people there and run in to some problems. Throughout this movie they are in search of what they refer to as the fat of the land or the american dream. All around this was a great book and i highly recomend it to anyone who hasn't yet read it.
Review for Of Mice and Men: Of Mice an Men is a great novel. It sends you back in time to the Great Depression era of the 1930's. It is a good book for middle school students. The reason I gave this book four stars is because of the profane languange used in the book. Except for the language, this book is a great book to read.
Astonishing! A Masterpiece! Bravo!: By far, one of the best books ever written. I felt as if I was in the book taking part of the adventure. John Steinbeck has made it clear that he is among the elite writers in the margin between William Shakespeare and Edgar Allan Poe.The feeling you get is indescribable when you read this book. The story of when George and Lennie will have their own land, and Lennie could finally raise rabbits - just gives you your own sense of liberty.Please, if you are sensitive and/or depressed, be aware. This book is great, but very depressing.
"of mice and men " by: Ruben from Tx: "Of Mice and Men"In this story there are two very good friends, George and Lennie. They are on a journey for a better life. Lennie is mentally ill so George teaches him right from wrong on the way. They are leaving a little town and going to another town in search of a better job. Several of Lennie's habits get then fired from their last job so they hope that they will have better luck in the next one. Lennie makes quite a few mistakes but no matter what George manages to over look them until Lennie makes a very big mistake which leads to a SHOCKING ending.
don't read this book: When I started reading the book at school I found it boring. I had to read it for school (if I didn't read it I would had a 1) and almost all the class found it boring. It's funny when Leenie (principal characters who does stupid thing. George say's in one part to the owner of the ranch "I'm not saying he's bright, he ain't, but he's as strong as a bull.") but the theme doesn't make it a pleasure to read. The book is easy to understand and doesn't have difficult words. The story is about to people, George and Leenie, who are itinerant workers who go to one place to another to find job. They have a dream but it's very difficult for them to make it true because of Leenie's dumbness. When they're working in ranch problems happens because of Leenie. The entire story is about that subject. To finish my review ill tell you not to spend your time reading this book when there are better books (unless you have to read it for school). I could only recommended to Steinbecks fans.
Of Mice and Men: My youngest daughter is an avid reader and loves re-reading books she was assigned in English class. In fact, she is a collector of these required assigned readings such as Of Mice and Men.
Of Mice And Men: The story oif Mice and Men is a good book because there is never really a dull moment. I expected the book to be about mice. I later found out it was really about. This book was about two lowlife farmers who are trying to get their own stake. George is the brighter one who is in charge of the operation. So the book takes place in a rural area in California. I t is a fiction book. It's a rally good book so you should check it out.
OF Mice and Men: A classic, as always. In the today world of teaching tolerance and differences, this remains a good one to use in the classroom.
Wow: This book is short, but man it packs a touching message. I had to read it for a class and analyze everything about it and it really is a touching story if you put everything together. The ending completely surprised me, and I can see why George decided to do that. It left me crying for both George and Lennie for everything they had been through. I will never forget this book and will continue reading it throughout the years. Lennie may have been dumb but he was still smart in his own special ways.
awesome!: this book has been great it brings a lot of emotions and it's cool to see different types of people caring for each other and having a real great friendship until the end........
dont read this book!: My english teacher read this book outloud to us. It was the worst thing ever. I feel asleep every day he read it because it was so boring! It seemed like it took forever to finish so dont read this book unless you want somthing really, really boring!
You must read this book!: Of Mice and Men by John Steinback is a great book to read.It is a book about how George, a small quick guy helps Lennie, a big guy, who is not very smart.Through the story George always helps Lennie.This book makes you want to keep on reading to find out what happens.My favorite part about Of Mice and Men is that it has a sad ending.It's not one of those boring story's where it has a happy endind.This book is more unique.
Winning The Affiliate Game: Using just a few of the principles found in this book is helping me turn my sites into cash generators instead of just static sites hoping someone will stop by. Thanks Declan for providing information that truly helps the average, everyday person become successful in this awesome frontier called the Internet.
Lukewarm at Best: I saw this in a little theatre in Manhattan, hoping for a more polished, Morrissey-rich experience, but this was a pretty sub-par affair- and frankly it's annoying to see a film this poor with even decent distribution. Terrible camerawork and spotty acting over-all. Bad editing and annoying Cali pop-punk soundtrack, only saved by the presence of Quasi. I was really disappointed- when people put such little effort and inspiration into something, and they get support, one less person with a real vision gets heard. It was occasionally worth a laugh, but overall I found myself angry at the Gods for opening up the Pandora's box of indie films without keeping the hacks out. We have enough of those in Hollywood.
Overrated: The funniest parts of this book are the ones used to get you to buy it, the rest was lame. I found myself yawning. The only good thing about this book is how small it is, the boredom ends in a couple of hours.
Pretty good, but not all new to me: I bought this book when my twins were 9 months old and I wanted some guidance on daytime napping, and a lot of friends had recommended Healthy Sleep Habits... I didn't mean to buy 'Your fussy Baby', since mine are too old for that- so be careful when you buy this package that you get both books. I had already read a lot of books on sleep training, and while there were some really good tips here, I found 'The Contented Little Baby Book' by Gina Ford more direct. Weissbluth allows for more discretion which I think a mother needs, and overall I think this is a very good book to be read in conjunction with other philosophies, and you can adapt what works for your style and babies. A must-read if your baby doesn't sleep very much and you think it is OK that way- it's not!
save your money!: As an avid movie goer, this just about changed me to a non movie goer. The lesson I learned was to pay a little attention before dropping your money into a "maybe it might be good because Adam Sandler is in it". movie. Boy was I wrong! This is not even worth renting! Bad,Bad,stupid,poor writing, acting,filming , generally it sucked!
Wonderful!! Watch it twice or you are missing out!: The first time I saw this movie in the theater, I remember liking it but being so sad at the end. Nevertheless, as I love Drew and Adam, I bought it on DVD when it came out. I couldn't believe how much I laughed!! Now that I knew the ending, it wasn't so sad that I missed the rest of the movie. There are so many clever scenes in this movie that I think people forget if they just watch it once. When Drew attacks Rob Schneider with a bat! When Adam jokes with his walrus and penguin! When Adam apologizes to Drew for not being better looking! I can go on and on.This is the movie my husband and I put on when we want to laugh and cuddle on the couch on Friday night. It's perfect!
Another must-have-DVD from Sandler: I do love Adam Sandler and I thought him and Drew made a great pair in "The Wedding Singer" so I just had to watch this. I was not disappointed. It is refreshing to watch a movie where both fun things occur as well as there are well-written punch lines.Henry sees Lucy as a challenge being it she has lost her memory and he makes it his everyday job to make her fall for him. Sooner or later he's bound to fall for her too. The real challenge is for him to come up with new methods to make her remember.It turns out to be a charming, romantic and very touching movie. One of the BEST movies in this genre to come out in 2005!
Schizophrenic product: At the core of the movie is an affecting concept: a man who falls in love with a woman who can't remember him the following morning. So each day he has to make her fall in love with him all over again. It's a touching situation and the two co-leads play this aspect of the movie with delicacy and charm. However this wasn't enough for the marketing & development people, so they added a ton of crude slap-stick and a lot of stale and offensive sexual "humor." This robs the movie of any chance it might have had to touch the viewer's heart, and left me wondering how the movie ever made it out of the cutting room. The earlier movie in which these two co-leads appeared, The Wedding Singer, was fortunate enough not to suffer from these drawbacks. 50 First Dates is a movie worth missing.
The First Fifty Sandler Movies...: ... could be cut and re-edited in arbitrary sequences and nobody would notice. Sandler is the apotheosis of the one-trick pony, the actor who is always exactly the same character in every film. In short, he doesn't act at all; like Yahweh, he just 'is that he is.'Take a look at the expression on the face of Ms Barrymore in the picture on the DVD cover; that's exactly how I look when I find myself watching another Adam Sandler film. Unfortunately, my teenage son and my two twenty-something nieces all find Sandler rib-splitting funny. Being a companionate adult, therefore, I sit cross-legged among them and gape at the screen, forcing a chuckle now and then like a losing presidential candidate at a town meeting. Then sometimes I offer to run out for ice cream....
alot like life - funny & tragic: I won't bore you with the plot of the movie as I assume you have an idea what it's about if you've come this far. I found the film stood up quite well as a romantic comedy. It was both delightfully funny and a bit sad at times (just like life). I am surprised that some of the reviewers have taken the film so seriously and are disturbed by how the critical events are portrayed. It's just a film and it's meant to entertain. It did a great job of that, with the terrific on-screen chemistry of Sandler (although I can't stand him in most other films) and Barrymore.
Fall in Love for the First Time Everyday!: The idea behind this film is that in a successful relationship you have to fall in love over and over again. In this story it happens literally everyday.The performances:Adam Sandler as Henry Roth shows his vulnerable side in his best and most natural performance.Drew Barrymore as Lucy Whitmore has never been better, and has great chemistry with Adam. She emerges as a fine actor.Rob Schneider as Ula may fool you that he is really the character he is playing, I didn't know it was him for half the move! He is brilliantly funny.Sean Astin as Doug Whitmore (better known as Sam from the Lord of the Rings) is funny in this comic role as Lucy's lisping brother.Pomaika'i Brown as Nick (tattoo face) the cook, is great in his small role and deserves bigger roles in the future.Shot in Hawaii, it has beautiful cinematography and vibrant color. The movie is a combination of humor and romance with more heart than you might expect.
perfume: This did not have a fruity smell at all and had to be thrown out because it is definatley not something I would ever wear again.
Stay Away From Passport - Large "PIP" Logo On Screen: Both Passport DVD's I've had the misfortune of viewing (this one & Plan 9 From Outer Space) have a large "PIP" logo on screen for the entire movie which is extremely distracting & unneccesary. For quality, get the Roan edition.
Cookwear 4 qt. 3 piece: I really like this cooker. Somewhat different than expected but after using it, I am sold. Nice size.
so did you read the DNA report?: it appears that except Indologist everybody else know how to read mtDNA findings. nowhere in the book I could read the recent breakthrough about the lack of genetic evidence on Aryan invasion and migration. and after concluding that Indus valley had the evidence of fire place, shiva and shakti seals and so on, she then again go back to the imaginary of how European white Aryan descended to the black Dravidian world of Indus valley. if that is how Westerner try to write history of other cultures, I myself being a westerner feel very sorry for my own people. The bottom line is this: do not try to defend something that is indefensible. please start writing all the facts in details, and tell us cleary: what happened to the Indus valley culture? did it disappear or continued as the Vedic culture?
I like it alot - from an non-latin: I first started listening to Azucar Moreno through a friend in New York a long time ago... This is exciting music, and you don't have to understand Spanish to get into the party feeling of this music... flamenco, latin pop, whatever you want to call it. Every album seems to have one standout pop booty shaker... I think Tequila claims this title, but Besame is cool, and Tu Eres Para Mi is Funky Cool, and Hay Que Matar a la Muerte pops with energy.
Topper is Tops!: ... it's become my favorite video. Joan Blondell and Carole Landis--the "poor man's Betty Grable"--are great as the two party gals who go to a spooky old mansion to claim the inheritance that Landis has been awarded. Billy Burke as Mrs. Topper is a scream and so is her side-kick maid, Patsy Kelly (no one could do a double-take better than patsy) and Rochester, as Cosmo Topper's man servant is hysterical. The beautiful camera-work, the women's gowns, the top-notch special effects and the hysterical sight-gags ranks this with the best of Abbott and Costello comedies. A terrific excuse to while away an hour and a half when you're feeling down or bored. Best Scene: the playful seal and Rochester.
No Thanks-But Barbie is Cool!: I like baby dolls, but not this one. I love Phoebe and Roxxi, so maybe I would get the big baby versions of those, but no other big Bratz babyz. This doll is not soft, so so much for hugging and cuddling it. It's kind of cute, but I would get big baby Phoebe and Roxxi only.As for your FALSE LIES about Barbie, people are still buying them, Mattel HAS NOT given up, and Barbie will still be aroundfor years to come! I love both Barbie and Bratz and nothing willchange that!
Vanessa's Harmonium: A Work Of Art: Vanessa Carlton's release of her second album shows how talented she really is. Her touch of piano to the tracks make the album what it is: original and breath taking."White House", "Who's To Say", "Afterglow", "Private Radio", "Half A Week Before The Winter", and "She Floats" stand out from the rest of the album. Each one reveals Vanessa's look on life from the past, present, and future. They also show how she see the world and what she wishes it could be.The rest of Harmonium contain tracks that are amazing as well, for they tell stories which are ear catching. This album is not what I expected it to be after hearing her debut one; Harmonium is a work of art.
Amazing CD!!!: This is by far a better CD than Vanessa's first. All I have to say is that this is one of the best albums that I have ever listened to. "Whos to Say" has become one of my favorite songs. "San Francisco" is also an amazing song. Vanessa really shows what a great artist she is in this album.
Harmonium: The Second Coming of Vanessa Carlton: Harmonium is such an incredible record, and it completely exceeds my initial expectations for Vanessa Carlton's sophomore album. It is a little different from 2002's Be Not Nobody in the sense that we are allowed to take a deeper look into Vanessa's beautiful, and sometimes dark, soul. I would have to say that most of the treasures on this record are the more upbeat songs. Some of these songs that steal the show are the bittersweet White Houses, a summer song about friendship, love, and loss, and Who's to Say, a song about choosing between family and a relationhip. Also, though a little dark, Annie shines on Harmonium. If you are not already a Nessaholic, you will be once you hear this talented ivory tickler show off her gift. Harmonium is in stores now, so go out and pick it up now!
So much fun and versatile: My daughter uses the headband as a toy and as a hair piece, a must for any Naruto fan to add to their collection!
perfect: fits great looks great had no problems with it at all i would recommend anyone buying this for crossplay its ligit
BAD!! Don't buy IT: This item doesn't even look like the one the picture... It's not the real thing and it's a bootleg one..
A very informative book: I expected a work on stalking to be very dry and difficult to get through. This book,however, was extremely interesting,informative and easy to read. It is the sort of book that the normal man in the street could read and apply as easily as someone who is more knowledgeable about the subject. A wonderful handbook for anyone having troubles of this nature and a wothwhile read for any safety conscious individual..
Plenty of Emotion: I don't agree that Clay shows no emotion. One needs only to listen to "The Way", "Measure of a Man", "Run to Me" ... or music from the AI season - "Solitaire", "Here, There and Every Where" to hear plenty of emotion and inflection. Let's not forget "Silver Bells" and "Give a little love this Chrismas" (forgive me if I got the title wrong). Hopefully some of you have had a chance to listen to some of his demo music with many spiritual songs and one song that brought me to tears "I Will Be There". Not only can this artist belt it out - he can also whisper softly and pull you right into the song. But I digress, as for my review of this CD, the problem is not the singer or the voice of the singer, but the weakness of the songs and their production. Hopefully, they will take more time with Clay's next CD and bring music to the table that matches his talent. I recommend the CD on the strength of Clay's voice and the way it makes you feel even the weaker songs.
Awesome: Listened to the CD three times and love it. Catchy tunes I caught myself humming throughout the day. Love ballads that I so moving. Great mix of songs. It sure beats listening to some of the hard core music we have on the radio today. A few tunes were almost Beatles sounding. Clean and refreshing!!! Clay should just stay the way he is and his style should be left untarnished by the whoever tries to change it. Anyone who wants an enjoyble CD that they can understand and feel good while listening to it should buy this CD. The CD just makes you feel good. Clay sounds great.
Hot! Hot! Hot!! This Man Is a Superstar In the Making!: I cannot describe the wonderful voice of this young man. Its so awesome, he takes my breath away. I recommend this cd to everyone. He shows such emotion and love with each note he sings. Thank you Clay Aiken for this magnificent cd and I so look forward to your tour and your next cd.
Why won't amazon post my review: I wonder why Amazon will not post my review of this album. I loved clay on american idol - but he lost get over it. This album is average at best. Stop pushing him as though he won. Reuben is the winner and Clay's "Measure of a Man" does not measure up to Reuben's "Soulful".
Yawn.....: Don't get me wrong. Clay can really sing. His voice is good enough, but his music is just so corny and boring. All ballads and wanna be broadway sounding songs. I can't even bear to listen. I only do it to figure out what all the furor is about. I still haven't. Save yourself the effort.
schmalz: In the new edition of webster's they should stick a photo of this to define "schmalz". Oh my god, is this what our music culture has devolved to?. This album was inflicted on me as I was in Border's the other day. I left without buying anything, which is unusual for me. By the way, cats are wonderful creatures.
If you love Clay aiken you will Love this CD: Out of all the songs on this album there were only twosongs that Ididn't thing were appropriate for his voice. some of the songs he got to do what he does best and that was to hit the high notes. Very well done was happy to see it at amazon and bought it immediately. Hopefully his next album will be just as good.
Talent without good songs.: It is obvious that Clay Aiken has talent- there is no fooling about that. He is definitely one of the most talented pop stars out there right now. However, the people producing this album did a poor job showcasing the talent that Clay Aiken holds. Every song on this album sounds the same. The emotions portrayed by Clay are not very diverse; every emotion fits into either the category of "I am singing about pain" or "We are going to get through the pain". The truth is that this album is painful enough to actually sit and listen to. The only song on this less-than-quality debut that is worth listening to is the title track, "Measure Of A Man." This song is in a realm of its own, actually having a worthwhile message.In summation, the talent is there, the album is not. Maybe next time, Clay.
california: I am highly entertained not by this horrible music but by the marketing scam perpetrated on the music buying public over and over. Tell them it's good, a thousnad times, and they will buy anything. It is an admirable thing to see Clive Davis become even more wealthy by pumping out more and more drivel for the masses to consume. A good clue to the quality of the five star reviews for this release can be found by the list of music purchases made by those who bought this CD:* CDs from The American Idol Series* Closer ~ Josh Groban* The Movie Album ~ Barbra Streisand* Bette Midler Sings The Rosemary Clooney Songbook ~ Bette Midler* One Heart ~ Celine Dion* The Very Best Of Cher ~ Cher* Buddy Jewell ~ Buddy Jewell* Michael Buble [ENHANCED] ~ Michael BubleIf lack of taste were a crime, all involved with this release would be in jail.
He is the Measure of a man.: I love this man...and please don't get me started on his voice!I now can't ever imagine my life without having Clay Aiken in it! He's such a wonderful talent...not only with his beautiful, haunting vibrato, but his whole persona.He is the next Elvis, I can't wait to hear many more albums to come! Believe me I'm a picky person when it comes to music I chose...and I chose Clay!Measure of a man gets an A++++, thumbs up and a million stars.
good but could be great: First, I am a huge fan of Clay Aiken. He has a magnificent voice that I feel the "powers that be" tried to turn into just another pop singer. I'm not saying the songs are bad, I'm just saying some of them weren't easily recognized as Clay's voice. I would have loved more ballads with the backgrounds a little quieter so Clay could shine through. Let's hope the next album has more of Clay, less pop attitude.
Measure of a Man's bad Material: Don't get me wrong, Clay is a wonderful vocalist. Really, truely, he is a gifted singer. But the big problem these days is that there are so many gifted singers who end up with horrible, stale, and downright creepy material. Has anyone actually listened to the lyrics to "Invisible"? It sounds more like a stalker than a lonely everyman, and it's way creepy. His other songs all sound the same, and in some cases are laughably silly. I feel so let down. I wanted so much to love this album, because I love Clay, but it's just bad. Hopefully next time around Clay gets himself more worthy material, because if he continues down this path, he will end up forgotten. Please! Better material!
marketing machine-wolf wearing sheep skin: Ok people. I like POP music, I do. I like good produced pop music even if artist is commercial. This CD is no different than Pink or Britney CD's as Mr. Clay is claiming to be, different that is. He said people are tired of fake pop stars. Well to tell you the truth, he is no different. It is marketing machine that is trying to tell people how he is so like you, ordinary and all nice, so you could buy his CD. Well that don't matter too much to me if the music is good, but this CD ain't nothing special. Ordinary power ballads with cheap lyrics. I also have message for Clay: Kid, good job with stories about how you're so different than Justin and Pink. American public eats them for lunch, and please now that you have money get someone else to write you album because this one sucks!!!
Great voice, lousy material: This album is a MAJOR disappointment because Clay Aiken has so much promise as an entertainer. His charisma and talent, so evident on American Idol, are noticeably missing on this album of mediocre songs. The title alone was a bad choice - Kevin Sharp also released a "Measure of a Man" in the 90s (and was much more deserving to use it, since he was battling cancer at the time of its recording) and this collection of forgettable tracks won't give Clay the staying power he will need to stay afloat in the cutthroat entertainment world. Please, American Idol - you got them through the door, but that means nothing if they can't stay there. Bad album from a bright talent.
Great Singer, Wrong Material: The Clive Davis churned out anothere same ol', same ol'...like what David Foster did to Josh Groban....great voices with little to do. The singer can be great but if the material is mostly wrong...oh, well....I will hope for better next time!
Changed my life: These recordings deeply affected me- even more so than the works of the Johnny Mathis.
5 stars for the voice, 3 for the songs: I would expect no less than great singing, and Clay doesn't disappoint. His voice is just gorgeous. His singing, delivery and the CD's production are all terrific.My one complaint has more to do with music today than with Clay: Can't anyone write a good, up-tempo melody these days?? Some of these songs are just boring. But then again, I find that to be the case with most of what's on the radio nowadays. (Everything is either slow and boring or fast and insipid.) My favorite Clay moments from American Idol were when he sang faster songs - Billy Joel, Grease, Buttercup - so I know he can definitely sing uptempo songs. I just hope he does on the next album!
CLAY FAN: CLAY AIKENS NEW CD IS WONDERFUL BETTER THAN I HAD EXPECITED HIS VOICE LIFT'S MY SPIRIT'S UP I AM A DIE HEART ELVIS FAN JUST WATING FOR SOME ONE TO LIKE AS MUCH I THINK I HAVE FOUND HIM
I Love It.: When I first listened to "The Way" I loved it instantly. It's the kind of song you can sing along with hearing it for the first time. It is very catchy and very romantic. I think this should be his next single. Their will be some that don't like it because its not edgy enough. Who cares. I'm sick of the negative reviews. If they want to have edge and profanity in their music there are plenty of other artists out there to choose from. Sorry, for going off there. Anyway, I love "The Way" and I also really really like "Touch". Overall, I love the entire CD. I am going to play it until I memorize every word.
I'm sorry: I'm sorry for everyone out there who actually spent their money on Clay's CD. I'm amazed that Clay even made it to the top ten on American Idol. I think that the only people that voted for him were people that thought he was "cute". Personally I think he is a disgrace to the North Carolina name. In conclusion, the only reason I give this CD one star is because you can't give a CD zero stars, if I could give it zero stars I would.
Crawling under a rock to spare my ears the agony.....: Ugh! From the fake smile on his CD single to the Barry Manilow-ish album cover, this guy screams superficiality! Sorry, Clay....you might have been second in American Idol II...but you are NOT Barry Manilow! I just have a problem with someone who has to use a tv show to get noticed instead of using their god-given talents and merits to get to superstardom. It smacks in the face of those who have real talent and are struggling to be heard and appreciated by the music industry and the public. So many good singers are passed up because of tripe like this. Please, spend your money wisely and don't buy this CD. Go out and get yourself ULTIMATE BARRY MANILOW or even a good Celine Dion disc instead. At least those folks worked for years to get where they are...and obviously have some talent. Clay, I wish you luck...but I am sure your career will be history in about a year.
Measure Of A Man CD Is The Best: Don't listen to that negative, uncalled-for review by F.Faulkner "F.F." He doesn't know what he is talking about. He just came to stir up trouble because he is jealous, rude, and ignorant. Let me clean up this board. Clay Aiken's voice is outstanding and is like no other. "Measure Of A Man" CD is exciting and is the best debut CD by a male musical artist in the past 3 years. Clay Aiken is "America's Idol" because of his irresistable voice and character and his many, many fans. Please buy this CD. You will not be disappointed at all. The songs are very good.
The Real American Idol: This is the real American Idol! Clay's fantastic voice is showcased fabulously on almost all of these tracks. A must have for all American Idol fans, but this CD is appealing to everyone! 90% of these songs are great. I wish Solitaire would have been included, but it will be on his next single. Finally, a singer with TALENT!
Superb!: Clay Aiken's debut... I wasn't sure what to think, I tried to stay away from American Idol records but when I heard "Invisible" on the radio, my resolve melted and I purchased the cd... and I'm very glad I did :).Clay has a beautiful/powerful voice... unlike some artists out there, he's truly talented. He puts his heart and soul into each and every song... There isn't one song on this that I hate.Once he draws you in, you won't let go :).No offense to Ruben fans, but I believe Clay should've won the contest.I couldn't recommend this CD any higher, I believe Clay will be around for a long time to come :).
CLAY FAN FROM MIAMI: THIS IF FOR THE MUSIC FAN FROM WASHINGTON STATEIF ANYONE HAS POOPY FOR BRAINS IT IS YOU.MY MOTHER ALWAYS SAID IF YOU CAN'T SAY SOMETHING NICEABOUT SOMEBODY DON'T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL.CLAY HAS A GREAT VOICE AND A WONDERFUL CD AND IS A NICERESPECTUL PERSON - YOU SHOULD TAKE SOME LESSONS FROM HIM.
Clay is Invisible on this CD!!!: Clay is a true talent... and I am sure he will grow / mature into a great singer. But this cd is full of pop fluff... there are no show stopping numbers to be found here... Clay is not a pop star... he should be in a Westend or Broadway show delivering show stopping number after number. And as one reviewer said... that even "Solitaire" wasn't included (which is one pop song that did show his true range and talent)... As for the American Idol creators... we're slowing seeing each of these winners fade into oblivion... and even Clay says it on his new cd that with this effort he is INVISIBLE!!!
YAY: I fell in love with Clay's voice when he sang Open Arms on American Idol. It was so touching, and I never understood whynone of my friends liked him (they liked ruben instead). Nobody thought Clay would ever make it far, and look at him now. He has the BEST VOICE and his CD is AWESOME! I highly reccomend the songs Invisible, The Way, When You Say You Love Me, and This is the night. I especially like When You Say You Love Me because Clay is not as good at uptempo songs, but he nailed this one. I program my CD player to play this song over and over. All of the songs on this CD are awesome and I know you'll love it.
EXCELLENT!!!!!! 5 stars plus!!!!: Excellent voice, excellent lyrics, excellent music... This cd has is all. Every track on this cd shows Clay Aiken's pure and natural talent. This cd has not been out of my cd player since its release date, Oct 14, I listen to it everyday. Finally with all the gimmacks that other pop artists try to pass off as talent, there is a young man that has talent, a gift to us all, a truly beautiful voice. Clay fills the void of what is missing in today's music, A REAL SINGER, and he does it so well.Its a shame that I could only give it 5 stars because its so much better than that. Clay is a keeper with the talent to be around for a long time.
Well Done: I haven't liked much recent American pop, but Clay sure is a good singer. I watched him perform "Invisible" on the Billboard Awards... I was completely blown away. Simply amazing. A friend had also sent me his This is The Night/Bridge Over Troubled Water single earlier this year. Amazing as well. Good work, Clay. Hope your future albums are excellent as well.
amazing!: Clay Aiken does it again!! From the first time I heard Clay sing, I was a fan. I voted for him when he was on American Idol (a lot more then once, let me tell you) and now I am even obsessed with him. I was so excited when Clay's album came out. I love each song on the album and listen to every one evey day almost. There have been a lot of bad reviews and I am not going to get mad because that is their own oppinion. But, I really don't know what they are talking about. Maybe they are listening to a different CD or something, because this album is amazing. His voice could have been showed off more, but on a couple of songs it really is showed off like in Perfect Day. I think a lot of people would love this CD!
nothing out of the ordinary: This man really does have a great voice, don't get me wrong... but I don't think this is an album that people should waste there money on.Yes, I am a fan of Josh Groban but this is not what the deal is about. I just think that this cd has some crappy songs with crappy lyrics. I mean 'Invisible' is about Clay wanting to watch me in my room. That kind of freaks me out. I don't want some guy on my wall watching me ge undressed.Clay got on American Idol to become the famous person that he is. If it wasn't for that show then he would still be a nobody teacher. He has a normal voice. Nothing that someone in a church choir doesn't have.I think that if you are going to blow your money on real music, then you should buy Josh Groban. Yea, he does sing in different languages, but if you translate them they have great meanings. And you can even get addicted to Italian. At least Josh can speak another language. heh.
When a good voice meets bad music: This album is a complete waste of Clay's voice. All I can say is it reminds me of a watered down mix of bad Air Supply meets bad Barry Manilow. I can't understand what motivates these outstanding reviews for a album that's not worthy of them. These songs are about exciting as Muzak. Except if Clay's music was playing in elevators, I would be forced to take the stairs. I hope by the next release Clay has the music to complement his voice.
Listen to it again!: Being a 31-year old male, I am probably not the typical Clay Aiken fan. As with many, the first time I heard the album I was disappointed...very disappointed. After I listened to it a couple more times it started to grow on me. Now, I think its actually very well done, and Clay's vocals on the album are absolutely incredible.For those who were unimpressed with the album, I encourage you to listen to it again...maybe even twice. If you still don't like it, fine - shelf it...but I think you'll find it will grow on you.It seems a lot of people had a similar experience....the more they listened, the more they liked it. I have also noticed that reviews written within the first few days after the release have been much more negative than those written a week or two later.So....listen to it again!
It hurts: It hurts to see Clay fall like this. The momentum leading up to the CD release was so great that it only leads to disappointment. It's not Clay's fault. I blame it on the media and hype surrounding the release that Clay could not do anything but fail.Please do not waste your hard-earned money on this trash. Josh Grobin's CD is much more satisfying.
Eventually Measures Up ...: While I wanted to LOVE this CD - I think Clay is the greatest example of the American "Can Do" philosophy, and a decent human being to boot - I was disappointed when I first listened. Other than "This is the Night," the only track to wow me was "I Survived You." But, since I wanted to love it, and I had paid good money for the thing, I kept listening ... Then I fell - and I mean HARD! ... I DO love this CD ... No, it is not the greatest musical production ever (in fact, I think it is OVERproduced ... Clay's voice sings for itself - it needs less help, not more); but it is a fine start to a career that will cross many medias - (I would love to see Aiken on Broadway, Mr. Cowell!) and we will watch with wonder at the good this great man will do with his life and his time of fame. He is a performer worth supporting and encouraging ... You go Clay!
Fresh Sound: Clay has made many of us get back into the album buying mode! I think this new release is great in every aspect. I too would like to see Neil Sedaka produce him! That aside, the critics who tell us we can't like him are pushing us right into his "arms".
Not a five star rating: I am very surprised at the 5 starspeople are giving this CD. Pleasedon't waste your money. Clay wasokay on AI2 but this new CD justshowcase his talents. Hopefullynext one will be better. I will haveto give this one two thumbs down!
Disappointed but still a fan.: Can't hide my disappointment with this CD. I was looking forward to it, especially after attending the Idol concert in Raleigh. Unfortunately on this CD Clay is overpowered by background singers. There is also no diversity. Most of the songs sound the same to me. As an older fan I was hoping for some classic numbers like those Clay sang on the TV series. I won't be listening to this CD again. Hopefully whoever is responsible for it will learn from the experience and can produce something which will let Clay shine and reach out to his entire audience on his next CD.
Really bad :(: That a bad star for clay aiken this c-d is really borring and all the songs sound the same. One listen of this album is enought to say don't waste your money into this c-d. Really peace of nothing.
Doesn't Measure Up!: This CD is a huge disappointment. Clay has such an awesome voice, and this CD does little to show off his true talent. The songs are average at best and lack the kind of melodies that would truly show off Clay's gift. I've read many reviews of this CD and the most recent stated the same. It lacks any luster and will probably get lost in a pile of old CD's. Good luck next time Clay on producing some more appropriate music for your awesome voice.
Nice guy and great voice: but I liked him better on American Idol. I'm glad that others like it his cd and that he's doing really well on the charts.
Not What I Expected!!: I waited in anticipation for the release of this album. I think it's awful with the exception of two tracks - "Measure of A Man" and "This is the Night". The background music is far too loud and drowns out Clay most of the time. It sounds like he is shouting to be heard above the music. The wonderful voice we heard on "American Idol" is certainly not evident on this CD. The lack of ballads is disappointing - he's certainly not cut out to be the next rock star - please don't try to portray him as such.
CLAY AIKEN IS THE BEST: I fell in love with him when he first auditioned on American Idol 2. I was praying for him the whole way through and was disappointed when he lost to Ruben. But his sales prove that he should have been the American Idol. I bought his CD the second day it came out, I had been waiting for it for so long and I was not disappointed at all. He sounds wonderful and it feels as if he's singing only to you. If you have a good ear and know good music when you hear it, this CD is for you!! There aren't many good singers left so I'm thankful he's blessed with this gift.
Why I Hate Potato Chips: Actually I love Potato Chips...this just plain SUCKS. What is wrong with you people?! Must you follow and do everything a "reality" show tells you to do? And this guy supposeldy freakin' LOST! There's something wrong here folks. When society is reduced this low and forget such classics and Beethoven and Mozart Concertos, Classic rock like Floyd or Zepplin, even modern music like Dream Theater and Nightwish...there is something wrong with American Society.Just like with Potato Chips...you don't know when the frell to stop!
Decent Tunes.: I'm not really into pop music. I really like rap and R&B, but I can really dig a great voice. So what can I say? Clay Aiken got a real good voice, soul, power, and range. The songs are a bit predictable and not very challenging, but the dude Aiken racks up all the songs. Touch is a good song, proving that Aiken should explore hip hop a little. When You Say You Love Me has a country sound to it. I DO NOT LIKE country music. I didn't like this song either, but it got itself on in my head for hours. I did like Invincible. Clay can really shake it up. He displays his impressive range in Run To Me and Measure of Man. Perfect Day and No More Sad Songs have a rock edge. The Way and Shine and Run To Me are soulful ballads. I liked Aiken's voice better than the songs. Hopefully, he picks some better song writers next time.
Clay is da bomb: This CD showcases Clay's talent beautifully!!! He sounds fantastic. I think his music will appeal to a wide range of people. I am very PROUD of Clay Aiken. He has stayed true to himself. Thats refreshing. Way to go Clay!!!
Amazing: This is an AMAZING CD! This mans voice is incredable. There is not one song that I dislike. I loved his performances on American Idol, but this CD shows more of what he can do. All you Clay fans are in for something GREAT! Can't say much more, buy it and see for yourself.
It Is All About The Voice!!!!!: Clay Aiken's voice stands out more than any other singer I have listened to. It inspires, makes you feel good, excites and is just nice to listen to. I can put his 'Measure Of A Man' CD and listen to EVERY song again, again. Very rare for albums now a days, to have every song enjoyable.1. Invisible - Up tempo pop; catchy and very enjoyable.2. I Will Carry You - Emotional, make you feel good ballad.3. The Way - Again, emotional, make you feel good ballad.4. When You Say You Love Me - Easy listening, country ballad.5. No More Sad Songs - Good ballad, great main chorus.6. Run To Me - Strong ballad.7. Shine - nice listening ballad, Clay sounds very caring.8. I Survived You - Strong ballad.9. This Is The Night - His trademark, awesome ballad.10. Perfect Day - Up tempo ballad, very good.11. Measure Of A Man - Powerful ballad, very emotional.12. Touch - Up tempo, very good.A must have CD. I cannot wait until his next CD.
Measure Of A Man: I love, love, love this CD very much!!! Clay Aiken's vocals are perfect and sings so well! Clay Aiken deserves a whole lot more radio airplay.
skydivergirl: LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! LOVE IT!! I have listened to this CD since it came out on 10/14/03---CLAY AIKEN has a magical voice that pulls you in. All the songs are good and the outstanding songs in my opinion are "The Way", "Touch" and "When You Say You Love ME"....It is refreshing for an entertainer to have the morals and committments that Clay Aiken has!! I find myself singing along to the music--not that you want to hear me singing. God Bless Mr. Aiken in his future endeavors!! I for one have been thrilled with the music and will continue buying anything Mr. Aiken's releases. Go CLAY!!!!! Don't let the nasties get you down...there are a lot of fans that just want to hear you sing!!!!!!
CLAY YOU HAVE AN AMAZING GIFT...I LOVED YOUR ALBUM !!!: I am extremely proud of you, Clay...Your album is everything I expected and more !!! I was very impressed with your songs and "always" with your amazing and beautiful voice. God has truly blessed you with a gift and a beautiful soul !!! I am proud to shout to the world "I am a Clay Aiken's Fan...and he is my American Idol". Keep up your good work, in all that you do.You are an AMAZING person. I look forward to ALL of your albums.
Doesn't do it.: I've honestly heard this entire album, I'm glad that I didn't buy it. Everything sounds almost the same and I find myself getting bored with his voice. I'm a big fan of everyone on AI, so I listen to every song first before I judge. I would say Kelly Clarkson and Ruben Studdard's CD's are better than this. Please, do yourself a favor and buy those instead, not this. I would recommend maybe downloading some of Clay's songs, but don't spend your money.
Yawner: My thrifty (stingy) friend who'd not even throw away month-old newspapers gave me this CD, and told me I could keep it. I should have been suspicious of this unexpected generosity...My hunch was right on... Every song sounds the same, stale, corny and sleep-inducing. I'd rather re-read month-old newspapers-unless I have trouble sleeping, then I'll whip out the CD and I know I'll fall asleep within 2 songs, or faster.
Clay Shines: I wasn't sure how I would react to this CD. It's not the usual style of music I listen to, but I love Clay Aiken's voice. I was pleasantly surprised. This CD rocks! My favorite song is Shine. I can't get it out of my head. I also love Measure of A Man and I Survived You. Yay Clay!
Let the Revolution Begin...: After the massive success of Clay Aiken's first single, "This is the Night", the expectations were high for his debut album. Luckily, Aiken does not disappoint. From the catchy, up-tempo single "Invisible" to the touching and emotive title track, "Measure of a Man", this cd provides a fantastic balance of lyrical depth and impressive vocal range. While some think his powerful voice is better suited for Broadway, this impeccable debut cd proves that Clay has the capability of being a phenomenal recording artist. In an industry full of sell-outs and talentless clones, it's refreshing to experience an artist as gifted and genuine as Clay Aiken.
One of the best albums ever!: Since the moment I heard Clay on American Idol 2 I have loved his voice. This album shows just what this youg man can do, he can SING! The songs are powerful and sung to perfection by Clay. Every song is really great, and you will definitely listen to this album over and over. I don't see how anyone could not like it, it's just that good. This is one of the greatest, if not the grestest pop album of all time, Clay made a masterpiece!
Excellent CD with catchy songs: This CD is one of very few that I own that I listen to the entire CD. I enjoy each song on the album, and I find myself constantly singing along. I highly recommend this CD.
Award winner and very deserving of it: No wonder this man won an American Music Award, a Billboard Music Award, and his single and album went platinum and double platinum! I bought this CD because I liked Invisible, because of Billboard saying it's the best pop CD of 2003, and because I figured he must be good if he won awards. I was so glad I bought it after I heard it! What a great album! It's so nice to hear someone with a great voice singing material that's not filled with the nonsense that is on so many CDs today. This is real music!
Not Thrilled: I watched each week to hear this beautiful voice on American Idol, and waited for this CD to be released.I took it home, played it once and it is now in the stack to be traded in.How disappionting. Maybe I expected too much. I do not like the songs. Sorry.
This album deserves NEGATIVE 10 STARS!: Why would any lucid human being waste their money buying this junk? This isnt music. This is contrived and manufactured. I don't watch american idol and i never would because it's a awful t.v show that degenarates everything good about music. The ONLY people who buy this are clueless teenaged girls who know ZILCH about music, and and middle aged woman who buy this for their kids to TORTURE them!! Way too sappy, way too bland. This is safe music for people afraid to listen to music that takes risks and challenges them intellectually. Clay Aiken should stop covering songs from The Beatles and Simon and Garfunkel. He's destroying those classics with his "broadwayesque" voice. The Beatles were actual artists who took risks in music and were innovative. Clay is nothing like that. Just another talentless popstar getting his 15 minutes of fame and then will fade away into oblivion. The sooner the better!!!
If I could have given this CD a zero...: I'm not a hard person to please, but this CD makes me want to vomit. If you are looking for 12 songs that sound the same, then this is your CD. If you're looking for something with a little variety, look elsewhere. I am a huge fan of Clay's, but was very disappointed with this CD. If you've heard one of the songs, you've pretty much heard them all.
Not worth Buying: This style is for broadway. The songs are blend!.. He will not last making those type of songs!
Clay should have won AI: Clay Aiken is the reason I enjoyed the second season of AI so much. His voice is so pure and strong. It's almost like listening to an angel sing. It is apparent that he has such a big heart and he puts so much feeling into his songs. It doesn't matter what he sings, he does an outstanding job. I bought his album and I have to say I think its the best FIRST album of any american idol thus far. Any song he sings that broadcasts his voice range just awes me. Anybody that doesn't think this young man is talented needs to have their hearing checked. He is Spectacular! In my opinion Clay should have won AI..hands down! Definitely an album worth owning.
This album is not as good as they make it seem: Only Claymates like it and his fans are buying his way. Mr. Aiken has a large internet fan base who are purchasing multiples to boost his sales to make the album appear to be great, however, they have to beg radio to play it. Here is a response from a radio station:QUOTE: "As of right now, we have no plans to add "Invisible" to our playlist.Interest in the song is strictly limited to fans of Clay Aiken.People outside the "Claymate" realm really aren't that into the song.The video isn't even getting substantial play on MTV or VH-1.You may want to try our sister station.The song has more of an Adult Contemporary feel to it.Good luck!" END OF QUOTEDon't believe all the five star reviews of this album, if you want true reviews of this album read the 3 to 1 star reviews and you will get a fair assessment of what it really is about. The other reviews are all hype with no substance.
What a cutie!: When I think of Clay, the first phrase that comes to mind is "Awwwwwww..." He is just so cute! And, for once, he's a cutie who can actually sing(!!!) His voice is tremendous, and his songs showcase his voice well. I was a faithful Idol 2 viewer, and rooted for Clay from Day 1. I am delighted to see how much he has grown as an artist (Ruben who?), and how he has overpowered all of the other Idols in popularity, album sales, and TV appearances.My only complaint is the lack of song variety. There's a point where all of the songs start to sound the same, and the only reason that you keep on listening is because, well, it's Clay!He's my favorite Idol!
THE MUSIC IS BACK !!: People who have appreciated Real Music for decades finally get to relive the experience through the "Measure of a Man" CD. The crystal clearness, unspoiled beauty, perfect pitch, and power of Clay Aiken's voice is matched by the feeling he puts into every phrase. I am so impressed with this CD and, as much as I love each song, I'm blown away by "Perfect Day".
Great album: This is an album that I will listen to again and again. Wonderful songs sung by a great voice. "Touch", "I Will Carry You" and "Invisible" are my faves. Pop music at its best!
Awesome-Again!: Clay, once again suprises me..I have listened to this CD thinking how could he be better--he is! Clay's voice, range, his use of his God given talent is astounding. All the songs are wonderful especially Invisible and Measure of a Man! He gets better and better and I hope he has a long wonderful journey ahead. I would recommend this CD to everyone. What a great addition to every music library.
Whats going on??: I dont like this music at all maybe its just me and if you like this then you probably really think its just me but all music sounds the same well most bands not all but its just trash that we listen to and then after a few years you never listen to it. I dont know i dont have his cd and I'm not going to get it you can if you want to but I like things that are original
Measyre of a Man AWESOME congrats CLAY: This is an awesome album...way to go Clay ...We have waited for months for this album and now that it is here we are all learning the words and singing right along with Clay...Can't wait to see him in Concert, and hear more songs from this amazing young man. He thrills all ages..What an amazing ambassador you have..Clay is also OUR American Idol in CANADA as well..Please come here on your concert tour too
Blown Away!: This is truly the best CD that I have bought in a very long time. I followed Clay Aiken all through AI2, loved the first single, was a little worried about the debut CD! I was so "blown away" by the songs, his voice, and the fact that his character comes through every song. What an incredible way to start a career! I am anxiously awating the next CD that he puts out. Thanks Clay, you have shown us that singing is still alive!
Sublime Voice; Songs don't always measure up: Clay's voice soars to new territory on this CD, particularly on songs like "Touch" and "Run to Me" and "Invisible", which could otherwise be categorized as ho-hum pop music, if Clay wasn't singing them. The lyrics are a little corny, but Clay makes them sound sincere. The vocal range of most of these songs is not very great, and thus they don't properly show off Clay's unique tenor to-die-for voice.I wish that the "experts" who molded some of these songs would have kept their involvement in the project to a minimum, and left the songs pure, instead of processing them with pop synthesizer sounds. I can hear that on any modern day pop album, and it is not very special. On the other hand, I can only hear Clay's voice on a few CD's. And his true voice is great enough that it shouldn't be crowded by synthesizer warble.
Big disappointment!!!: Bought it and was a bit disappointed. I thinkthat Clay should stick to his own style andstop trying to be someone he's not. The songsjust didn't do it for me.Certainly not the Clay Aiken that sold platinumwith his first CD. Wonder how that happened???????Spend your money of something worth while, butif you just got to have it, burn yourself acopy from a Clay fanatic who is sure to havea few extras on hand.
AWESOME!!!: I fell in love with clay the first day he auditioned on AI. He is not only adorable he as a AWESOME voice!! girls are crazy over him!! and this CD is SOO GREAT!!IT'S BEAUTIFUL!! I LOVE CLAY SOO MUCH and if u say that you can't stand him then why are you wasting time reviewing over him??JELOUSY!!! : )Keep it up claymates! he has already gone double platinum!!! WOOWOO!
clay is such a joke: he might start rapping on his next cd and chances are you might hear him, ruben and pharrell do a joint together anyway clay's an okay singer but ruben was better too bad they got rid of frenchie davis to quote funkadelic the girl is bad.
Love It!: I just love this cd. After I got the cd I must have played it over and over for days. There is not a song that isn't great! Everything is sung with such heart! I think Clay Aiken is the best thing to happen to pop music in a long time. No gimmicks, just pure talent!
The Best CD I Have Ever Heard: This CD sent chills down my spine. Clay Aiken is a very gifted vocalist.
Teen Titan Tower falls apart: This toy is absolutely terrible. I gave it one star, only because zero is not an option. My son really wanted this toy, and when he got it, he played with it for about 5 minutes, and walked away. Even a four year old can see how lame this toy is. It comes with a trigger that is supposed to eject some kind of orange ramp to launch a car. Nice concept, except the thing doesn't come out all the way, so my son ends up pulling the thing out. There are missiles that are supposed to attach to the side according to the instructions, they don't. The tower keeps falling off of it. All around, I can't believe how poorly designed this toy is for the money. You would think I bought it at the dollar store or something. I would urge all who consider buying this toy, to talk your kid into something else. IT'S TERRIBLE!!!
OK Toy: I have to agree with alot of the other posts on this one. Santa brought this for my daughter, who loves teen titans, for Christmas. The instructions, what there is of them, is very hard to decipher. The orange launch thing would not work and I had to take apart the little red switch that the control thing fits on to make the organge track pop out. (the red switch was not in the right position from factory). Even then the orange track does not fold all the way out. Also, like alot of other reviewers the tower tips over very easily. I just don't feel like I am getting what I am paying for these days when it comes to toys.
Good stuff!: I take this daily and it seems to have assisted with my acne and other health complaints. A higher dose helped considerably with the common cold (along with taking Vitamin C and garlic); the extra immune system boost helped me get over it within 2 days as opposed to the usual 5 with garlic/C. I cut one vcap open to help with a cystic acne spot that was bothering me. I rubbed the oregano ointment on the skin, let it sit overnight covered with a bandage, and the spot had shrunk considerably by morning. Is this the placebo effect in action? Perhaps, but I don't see the harm in using it if this is the case. At least it seems to help.
Not worth it: Listen to the other reviews. This book is just an encyclopedia of waste. At least an encyclopedia has pictures and examples; this book has neither. After the first 2 chapters, it's all downhill. It is a very frustrating read because there are absolutely no examples. It's all theory. Don't waste your money and don't listen to all the fancy quotes on the book's back cover. This book just doesn't cut it.
Car Parts (struts) for [] Java []...: This book is a complete waste of time. I had been very skeptical of the technology being only a short-cut for Java web hacks and script-kittys, and I was unfortunately right. Those that can explain how JSP cannot TRUELY conform to the MVC methodology, should really read this book. It would serve them right reading this boring drivel instead of actually learning the core J2EE web framework. Ted Husted should be beaten with this book or an actual car strut.I love most of tools that come out of the Jakarta project but here is a suggestion, learn and know each of the tools suggested for MVC impletementations and skip the gimmic tools, like STRUTS, TURBINE, and VELOCITY. In the event you do buy this book, please consider it's many other uses.I know for me, it has been instrumental for leveling my air conditioner.
non working battery: The watch is in perfect condition but cannot set the time and it keeps going dead. I thought it was a new watch but acts like a used watch. I wont order from this vendow again.
Don`t listen to the review...: This album jams! Yes it is old school influenced but it is a lot catchy fresh techno-pop JAM!
Works fine, but expensive: The filter works fine, and I was about to order another. I paid $5.75 for it 7 months ago, and now it is almost $30. I mean we all expect to pay a little more when we buy items later on, but more than 5 times as much?
Special Waste of Time: This movie is for you if -(a.) you are over 20 and still read comic books(b.) believe that someone would believe that taking a blue pill would make them a superman(c.) then spend their life trying to enact their powers contrary to all reality telling them otherwise(d.) find humor in the situations that people with reduced mental functioning find themselves(e.) and don't know that, unless distorted, the reality of such individuals is too mundane for a movie(f.) and that some cheaply made movies are not made to convey an altruistic message but to make money.
Hystericly Funny: Thought this film was very funny, well done. Acting was great, directing was gritty, but worked well for this movie, and it's story.Would highly recommend if you like dark comedies.
Better than I thought: I would consider myself a "radio" Damn Yankees fan, having only heard their radio hits like, "Don't Tread on Me," and, "High Enough." After hearing this Essentials CD though, I see that there's more than meet's the ear. The only song on here that I can't seem to get into is, "Come Again," but all the others are real rockers for me. From the milder, "Silent is Broken," to the fast and heavy, "Piledriver," this CD never stops! The guitars, vocals, bass, and drums, all rock. I tend to give conservative ratings, so that's why I gave this a 4 out of 5 stars, but otherwise, I would highly recommend it for any other "radio" fans like myself.
Do not be deceived!: This version of "Beowulf" should NOT be compared, at all, to the original text of "Beowulf". Students should not be taught that THIS story, as re-created by Robert Nye, is reflective of the "Beowulf" written about 1000 AD. The story developed and shared for hundreds of years is characterized by Christian concepts and ideals. This version, written by Robert Nye, reflects our societies overwhelming desire to rewrite history, de-Christianizing it as they go along. Robert Nye has replaced the Christian God of the original "Beowulf" with the mythological Viking god "Odin". The original "Beowulf" tale supports the historical significance that Christian beliefs and ideas had on the overall society of England and throughout Europe. Robert Nye has done a great injustice in adjusting an historical document to reflect his own convictions, or lack thereof.
creative action all over: this book is almost all actoin about a man who is a very strong and kind warrior. he knows that the goodness inside of him can defeat any evil. he uses that knowlage to kill monsters. The book is a little confusing at times, but everything elese is very creative and understandable. I would sugjest this book to 11 year old and up for the concern of some grusome scense. it is only 94 pages, a good lengh for a bed-side book. by the way-beowulf is the guy on the horse not the monster on the cover :)
Chaka's Powerhouse Vocals!: When this Lp came out in 1982, a Billboard ad stated 'The Most Powerful Instrument in Music Returns'....and it did! This Chaka lp is one of her best and it shows how to use Power Vocals correctly! I think this Lp was ahead of it's time...a Great fusion of R&B;, Funk & Jazz..Arif Mardin KNEW what to do with Khan's voice! 8 powerful examples of why Chaka Khan is one of the Greatest Singers ever!!I have this on vinyl & CD!!! :)
Huxley it ain't...: I'm afraid that I must agree with the comments of 'Tedious' below. Apart from a wonderful idea for the theme of this novel (eastern religion meets western technology) their was not enough character or plot development to sustain my interest past the half-way mark. This book has been praised as an influence by some very great authors, but I must assume it was the theme and not the narrative itself that caught their fancy. The narative reads like a poor translation. Really bad style. A few funny moments... but overall, a very dissapointing book for me considering it's high falutin' reputation. I'll stick with Huxley, if and when I seek enlightenment.
Through the Madness!!!: First of all, Ike is doing the very thing that Tina always said he would do. Ike Turner will never admit to what he did to Tina. Tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like "all the others." Ike took advantage of her. Tina her self said she cared very much for him. Cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince Tina to leave him. Even the girls that danced with Tina on stage had whitnessed what happened.Tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career, she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on. So she released her autobiography in 1986, well after her come-back in 1984.While Ike can try to deny it all he wants, the truth is he violently abused Tina! And considering the person Ike Turner is, I would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back!!!
works!: I have been taking these for 6 months- I don't love taking 6 tabs a day, but they seem to work best when you do. The price is better then some of the other products on the market also.
Even Creepier Than You Thought: What's most amazing is the tape recording of his final speech to convince all the parents to begin giving their children poison. Only one headstrong black woman speaks up with a speech that "these babies deserve to live." Sadly, the interviewer just lets the survivors ramble, when most seem quite willing to answer tough follow up questions. It needed at least another hour.
BUEN PRODUCTO: Esta excelente el producto, es tal como lo esperaba.. y bueno por supuesto el servicio de entrega fue inmediato.
Only useful as a backup to Snell and Weightman: If a textbook for Hindi must use some romanistion then it should use the same system as R.S.McGregors' Oxford Hindi-English Dictionary, as "Teach Yourself Hindi" does. The authors of that title, R.Snell & S.Weightman, teach Hindi at London University's School of Oriental and African Studies.Further this textbook relegates the devanagari script to the rear of the book and includes no devanagari at all for the tape dialogues.As a final black mark the standard reached in the course is way short of Snell/Weightmann. This is partly a product of having 10 lessons instead of 18.Recommendation : Get Snell & Weightmann, and then McGregor's Dictionary and Grammar. Use Bhatia if you need extra tape practice.
Yancey has another one: I have read all Philip Yancey books & he gives an intellegent & amazing insight of the true religious life demonstrated in the Bible. This provides a person the detailed readings therein, its relationship to everyday life experiences .... all is in proper perspective. It's also an excellent tool for Bible Study. I have it in printed book form & also on my E-Reader.Don't leave home without it.
The Paradise War book: I was very pleased at how quickly I received my purchase. It was for a gift and I tend to be a procrastinator at getting things.
Good show but TERRIBLE packaging: The other reviews cover the show well so I won't go into that, but I do want to warn you that the DVD case is really cheap, with the DVDs doubled up in the same slot. For the sake of 10 cents cost to them, they have produced something that is very likely to scratch your DVDs.
The Sanctuary: I like this show. But then again I like Sy-fi. Amanda Tapping is a good actress. Enjoyed her in StarGate SG1. And in the show sanctuary she does a great english imitation..
Sanctuary Season 2.....Fail: After enjoying the first series of sanctuary I have recently purchased the second season, Looking forward to the continuation of some good story lines I have been incredibly let down. The first season had some 'shoddy' effects but somehow they have deteriorated into something even worse, there is very poor interaction between animations and cast. I could perhaps forgive this if there was something else good about the series, unfortunately they have really destroyed what was a good series, I have watched 4 episodes and am unsure I will watch any more, the acting is poor, the storyline is worse, the new characters are uninspired and I have no motivation to watch any more as its definitely not getting any better. If you enjoyed the first series you are better off leaving it there and not ruining the series by watching this series. You have been warned.
Temperature displayed is incorrect: The accuracy of this thermometer is really poor. I returned the thermometer for an exchange from Amazon. The replacement has same problem I did calibrate it, still it shows wrong temperature. I liked ease of mounting on the window and size, but completely useless as fas as what value it shows for the temperature.
Olives, Sheep, and Nicotiana: How to write a domestic horror story and gardening book in one. Terror so subtle it could happen to you, olives so ripe you'll be picking in no time:Dirk has a lovely garden. He also likes trees. A lot. There's a guy who gets his legs chopped off by accident, then there's Dirk's conscience. Is he really responsible for so much death? He thinks he is. Coming in with his black cloak and scythe, Monsieur Bogarde lives with his so-called 'agent' who gets colon cancer and alzhimer's (is this Dirk's doing?). They plant things and pick olives and live in France, then they don't plant things and pick their noses and live in England. But death cannot be escaped. Dirk has a stroke, his 'agent' drops dead, and they all live happily ever after. Based on a true story.
If you loved the First Outbreak, You'll love this one: Something to always look foward to in a Sequal is the gameplay you loved from the first. That's the Great thing about OUtbreak 2, it has the same controls, but this time you can CHOOSE who you want to play with you. for instance, If David does not work well with Kevin, but works well with Jim, then you can choose Jim as your partner. Plus you can walk as you shoot! The only downside is that theres not going to be a Outbreak file 3 :(
Boring!!!!!: The new Resident Evil Outbreak is boring. I expected it to be action-packed, boy was I wrong. Every level has like 0-3 zombies. I RENTED THE GAME TO SHOOT ZOMBIES, NOT INFECTED ANIMALS. My advice, try it at a friends house or play a demo first.
I did it so anyone can...: I am a grandmother with no woodworking experience. I made the foolish decison to put up large crown moulding in my bedroom and got hopelessly stuck at the inside and outside corners. I looked for help on the net and found this book. Three days later I finished the job and the corners were absolutely perfect! The directions are written and illustrated so that anyone can follow them. I have more trouble making a souffle than I had working with crown moulding - thanks to this book. It should be in everyone do-it-yourselfers library. By the way, I saved a fortune doing this project myself.
Good Book - Presumably in Either Edition: My daughter (almost 3) enjoyed this book from the library last Halloween & we're looking forward to reading it again this Halloween. I loved introducing her to Halloween from a book that emphasized friendship and generosity among neighbors, rather than scary monsters, pranks, or candy. The illustrations were lovely. I'm sure the original edition had beautiful illustrations too, and the previous reviewer might have been chagrinned by the changes to a personal childhood favorite. But I'm guessing that most people who, like my family, discover the story for the the first time in this edition will find nothing amiss.
The Worst of Kirk Whalum: Kirk Whalum is a fantastic saxophonist but this one is a disaster!! It doesn't deserve a mention let alone a place in the collection of true Jazz lovers. Please do not judge Whalum by this CD. I'd recommend 'Unconditional' instead.
worst dress shirts thin cloth and not professional at all: I didnt knew that amazon had such a poor quality control and also they dont have any control over other vendors, Save $8 by not buying this product ...Very thin and very large sized shirts .... they are see thru and look no where like they are shown on web site ...
Horrible product: This shirt is absolutely the worst in the market. The fabric is cheap, so cheap, that I threw the darn thing away
Shirt in picture is not what they send you: First off, the shirts are good. They are thin, but they look good. The collar tips have built-in plastic strips to keep them pointed and crisp. They come out of the dryer pretty good w/o wrinkles if you use the wrinkle-guard cycle. However, the shirt in the picture is not at all what they send you. The shirt in this pic above has a much tougher, textured material, and the actual shirt has a white label, not black as in the pic. So, expect a very thin, smooth, untextured but stylish shirt, with crisp collars that look good that comes out of the dryer nice, but the shirt in the pic is not the shirt you get.
Good buy with reservations: Of course the list price is a joke. However, for the price, the quality is quite good. It uses thin material but is fine for summer. It is about 1/2 size larger than most brands so you might want to go for the smaller sizes. Just remember, this is not your $65 deparment store shirt. And yes, only the blue colors look good.
Very thin, Flimsy: If you want a cheap thin shirt that likely will not last a dozen washing then this is the shirt for you.Be aware that Amazon has a $3.99 plus $0.99(per item) return shipping fee.Is all Bill Blass stuff this "quality"?
Poor Quality: I bought this shirt for one reason, the price, and I soon as I open the box I found out why it was so cheap. Because of the cheap materials. Save your money, spend couple of dollars more and you will be happier with quality.
smack the editors: As mentioned by other reviewers, this DVD is just horrible to watch because of the absurd amount that the cameras cut away to another scene every few seconds. If you want to watch a guitar solo or anything else for that matter to absorb any details, forget it! The editor(s) didn't do the Scorpions justice. The music is good, but since this is a DVD and not a CD, I'm giving two stars for the spazoid video technique.
A clas-sick that made me sick: This book was very boring. very few moments in the book are actually exciting and they are few and far between. The beginning of the book is the best part. It spent too much time explaining and describing images; i felt like the whole book could be cut in half and you would still get the majority of the story across to the readers
Interesting but Repetative: While reading this book I was extremely fascinated and into it in the beginning. But as the book goes on, the main character continues to classify underwater creatures over and over and over. The only thing that kept me reading until the end was the mystery of Captain Nemo (which i have to say, was never really revealed, and a bit disapointing ending). So all together, and VERY detailed and interesting book, but too slow and boring overall.
Oldie but a goodie: I have seen the movie (needs to be remade wih today special effects come on Disney) and really enjoyed the book.
A disappointing read for the 21st century: This book is a classic. No question. That's why I chose to read it. When it came out in the 1860s, it was science fiction and gripped the imaginations of many. A ship that could travel under the water! But reading it in 2010, much of the novelty of the book has been realized. We have had submarines for nearly a century.But even aside from that, there is little plot to the novel. It reads as if it were written by a committee at National Geographic. It's a survey of all the unique items and places in the world's oceans. The little plot there is involves the protagonist trying to escape from the ship. And the ending (not to ruin it...) is a total cop-out and disappointing.I was hoping this book would stand the test of time, like The Time Machine or even Around the World in 80 Days. But I found it a rather boring and drudging read.
Twenty Thousand Leagues: A mysterious creature is haunting the seas, and Professor Aronnax is determined to discover the origins of the beast. However, the encounter brings more than he ever expected, as he is captured by the strange and withdrawn captain of a submarine ship and whirled around the world's oceans. The aquatic wonders he experiences thrill his academic soul, while the actions and motivations of his host leave him questioning both the individual and civilizations at large.Verne's underwater adventure is the latest novel I have read to my toddler at bedtime, and is far from my favorite. As we finished the third Verne novel we have approached I found myself lamenting a brilliant story bogged down by careless prose; I found that the language was flat and uninspired, and the sentence structure was unbelievably choppy. The failings of the writing itself took away from what would otherwise have been a book full of wonders, and I believe we will leave Verne buried once and for all.
Internet connection turns off all the time: After a certain time the modem begins to loose the conection to Internet every now and then, the only solution is to constantly turn it on and off.No lightning have fallen near my house, nor any other extraordinary event have happened.I have looked for help from zoom, internet forums and my ISP company and all of them agreed that it is a hardware problem, apparently a common one if you buy an X6 zoom modem/router.The only definite solution: buy a new modem (not a zoom modem)
A REAL MESS: SNL deserves a comprehensive overview that tells us how they put together the show and how/why it matters/mattered. This is not that book. The author simply has no objectivity so he can't tell us the truth. If you want to read what you already know about the show's popular sketches this is the book to read. We learn almost nothing about how personalities worked together- or not- to make the show last this long. Far too little time is spent on the first 5 years and that first amazing cast. But if you want to hear about 'Pat' and Victoria Jackson this is the book for you. A real mess.
Awesome!: I choose this book because it was economically priced. The book was kind of in rough condition on the outside cover, but the inside was totally fine. The description of the book was completely accurate.
Yadda, yadda, yadda!: If you took out every comment by cast, writers and producers on trying (unsuccessfully)to figure out Lorne Michaels, this heavy tome would easily be cut in half. Too much whining, too little interesting, historical information for me, a long time fan of the show.
LOL!: Good stuff - some funny, some serious, but all the little "stories" you've never heard from behind the curtain at SNL!
Narnia: Prince Caspian: It was a great choice between BD and DVD, of course I bought the BD. As you all know the quality is far more better than regular DVD. The movie had a pretty good opening to and it was very catchy. Story has a pretty good plot to it but it wasn't as good as the first movie. there were more action on the first movie compared to this. All in all it was a great and fun movie to watch.
Thanks for the case: I was disappointed with this seller. I got an empty DVD case that was shrink wrapped. The most frustrating part about it was I never received a response back from the seller after trying to get in contact over and over again. There goes my hard earned cash!
Very Disappointing: If you enjoyed the book, you won't want to watch the Disney version of this movie. Characterization was changed (a friendly dwarf became a nasty grump, Prince Caspian and King Peter had jealousy issues); scenes were added that weren't in the book, and basically all of the best parts of the book were omitted. There were battles that never took place. In fact, fighting was the main focus of this movie. Anything that had any hint of spirituality was obliterated from the movie. If Disney wanted to create a fantasy battle movie, they should have just hired someone to write one. Prince Caspian is definitely NOT the Prince Caspian that C.S. Lewis wrote. I will definitely not watch any more Disney adaptations of Narnia.
OMG: OMG!! This was TERRIFIC! I was so pleased that all the actors/actresses from "TL, TW, ATW" came back to Prince Caspian!!! It was awesome... the sword fights, the battles, the waking of the trees, Reepicheep, and the bits of humor mixed in here and there! I loved it!
Too Precious: Too long and too precious. This second Narnia film still finds the children in wartime England waiting for a train when they are abruptly called back to Narnia. Hundreds of years after their visit from the wardrobe, once again evil outsiders are threatening to overwhelm the animals and folk of Narnia's forests. The children eventually save the day and return to the train station after heroic battles and soul searching speechifying. Although technically amazing, the story is drawn out to a sense of boredom and the characters, other than the children, lack a strength and sharpness that made the first film so enjoyable. It isn't a film we'll watch again and again as we have Wardrobe.
Correction on May 16th Review: The software mentioned on my May 16th review IS called "AVID Xpress" -- not "AVID Express" -- when my review was edited someone changed the spelling, possibly thinking it was a typo/mistake?
Easy to follow: This is a quick reference or trainer. Use it to help Scouts with their knot requirements. Simple diagrams take the used step by step through each knot.
Knot idiots, rejoice!: In no way does this little card set replace books or experience, but for field use for common knots, (especially in a stressful situation) it's priceless. I've already needed it on so many occasions (work and around the yard), that I moved one of them from my BOB to my small EDC pouch. If you're anything like me, "kind of" knowing how to tie a specific knot can get you into more trouble than not having tied the darn thing in the first place! I had to secure some items for an typhoon and boy did this thing come in handy. *All* of my ropes and knots stayed tight unlike my usual post-storm assessment of finding them untied and strung out in the yard! Yes, you could probably make a set, but these are nicely printed on credit card like material (albeit a bit thinner) and are really legible and handy. If you have a BOB, this is a MUST have (especially for those you think you need 300' of 550 cord in your BOB).Four stars because I wish you could separate the cards for easier access.
Very Cool: I ordered this mainly to learn some Knots. This is nice to throw in the backpack and take out for a camping trip. Use the examples to try out some knots.Good product. Very useful.
Have not needed it yet: This is pretty cool. It shows you how to tie some basic knots that can Come come in handy in various situations. I got this so I can leave it in my go bag with 100ft of some paracord.
The Wind in the Willows: A beautiful book with detailed, descriptive, lovely drawings, this gift to my granddaughter was well received, and she takes it to bed every night.
inspiring: a movie needs to be done about this guy. dont listen to al sharpton- if booker t can do what he did, anyone can. i'd give it 5 stars but for the style of writing at the time leaves me wanting coffee
The recipes sound great.: I look forward to trying many of the recipes and really appreciate the nutritional information. However the information is based on a portion of the recipe such as 1/8 of recipe. This is really not helpful when the recipe is for a pot of soup. The soup would have to be divided into 8 servings to get an accurate calorie count. Even with that drawback I know I will enjoy some of the dishes.
One of the worst mountaineering books I have ever read.: Factually shaky at many points, pedestrian prose, self-aggrandizing and a page turner only for wanting to finish the awful thing. What I found most offensive about this book was the author's egotistical disdain for the, "lesser climbers", of the team. In fact she and her fellow leaders showed nothing but hostility to many members and they all come off as smug, arrogant jerks. Having been on climbing expeditions before, there is a great deal of stress, raw feelings, etc, but the raw and condescending behavior of the author and trip leaders is disgusting. Don't even get started on their ugly American "analysis" of Asians on Denali.Read this book if you one day want to write a mountaineering book and this one will point to every flaw in doing so.
Laughing Aloud: One Reader's Story of True Hilarity and Boredom-Defying Perusal in the Face of Denali's Silliest Story Ever!: The more you know about mountaineering, the funnier you'll find this book. There is little to like, but much to laugh at in Ruth Ann's utterly unselfconscious self-portrait.If this were a comic novel it would be a dead-on parody of a certain strain of self-glorifying mountaineering literature. Think Nicholson Baker writing "Into Thin Air" from the point of view of Sandy Hill Pittman. And it starts with the twenty-two-word long title!Warning: if you're not in the mood to laugh, be prepared to be annoyed!
The bittersweet summit: A must read for anyone preparing to climb. You will understand that mountainclimbing is not for the flippant, the hurried, the unprepared. This extraordinary story tells of the extreme suffering endured to achieve the summit. You learn about the death zone and about what happens to the body at various altitudes. An excellent adventure story for both men and women.
I was disappointed: I also was really looking forward to reading this book but had to force myself to finish. As a redhead, I feel armed with some more knowledge about the history of redheads but was left... hanging, somehow.I found it disjointed and it was not an enjoyable read.
Was she serious?: Since I have a red-headed daughter, this sounded lioke a fun book to read. I gave it up just about 1/3 of the way through. Maybe it got better but I wasn't going to stay around to find out. The author really stretched it to make her point. Her point? Maybe becasue she's a redhead, she wanted to be so very, very special, so she took a few supposed facts and made a whole concept from them. Come on! Trying to make redheads all some sort of special witches, monmsters, super-human people was dumb. And she totally dissed red-headed men. My husband read it through but we both quickly decided NOT to send it to our daughter.
It's okay.....: I really wanted to love this moisturizer! I have very fair, sensitive skin, and this was supposed to be one of the best bets for my skin type. It also has a great high SPF.But, alas it does not sink into my skin. It does not blend well at all. It leaves a terrible white residue that takes forever to rub in.Maybe because of the high SPF? I am not sure,but I was definitely disappointed.
Excellent Series, Poor DVD casing: The series is excellent and faithful to the literary history surrounding the Robin Hood legends. Clannad's music adds a bit of authenticity, as does the use of magic and superstition, and the UK setting.Acorn did a reasonably good job digitizing and adding subtitles to the original film. Colour was on the dark side, but nothing that can't be adjusted.The poor packaging of the 'complete' set prevents me from giving it a perfect score. I like the look and the folding-book concept of it, but the casing is made of hard plastic, making it prone to chipping and difficult to remove the DVDs carefully without breaking or cracking them. I had a similar problem with the "I Spy - Four-Pack Collection" cases. So, take care to remove the DVDs lest you damage them permanently. You might consider alternative storage like a plastic CD envelope case, considering this DVD set is not cheap.Aside from this, I highly recommend the complete Robin Hood set.
Robin of Sherwood: Picture is fuzzy not digitallly remastered. Also Disk 2 had a glitch in it on the first play. Disk is clean. Over all quality is not great.
Misrepresented Product: The image shown is EXACTLY what you'll get; it isn't misrepresented on Amazon. The package is mis-leading. It clearly shows a 2.2 mm Hex-nut. It does not work on any glasses that have a hex-nut. In fact, I was about read to toss it out, when I went and took a dental-pick and pick some plastic or parafin out of the tip of it--when I finally got it to work on my CostCo glasses that use a "star" driver. It contains a tiny phillips head, tiny flat-head, and the "star" driver. No hex-nut. I'm going to have to order something else. Isn't worth my time and frustration to send it back.
Every kind of comedy styling all in one film...: What makes this film truly great is how many different styles of comedy it has. You see not only slapstick and situation based comedy, but also some fabulous dialog and scare comedy. I didn't want to watch this movie at first, thinking it'd be a run of the mill b/w film, but was amazed, and immediately rewound and watched it a second time.
One of the best readings about stats!: This book is a pure pleasure reading for anyone interested in statistics, but wants to have a break from formulas and software! In fact, I would make it a must read for all citizens who are bombarded by over-complicated news about all areas of our life.
Outstanding book: Someone once said "there are three kinds of liars: liars, damn liars, and statisticians."I read this book in high school, and it shaped my judgement of the news media, business, and advertising ever since. Never trust the numbers without knowing their basis, and remember: a statistician is the type of guy who would put his head in an oven, and his feet in a bucket of ice, and say that, on average, he felt fine.
An Entertaining Primer on the Validity of Statistics: Although "How to Lie with Statistics" is a bit dated (having been written in the 1950's), the principles it puts forth are still valid today--if not moreso than ever--and the material is delivered in clear, concise, and even entertaining anecdotes and illustrations.How often do you hear statistics bandied about in the media or used to try to prove some special-interest point? "Of course" the people quoting the figures must be right with numbers on their sides... until you look at just how those numbers were arrived at.This book isn't truly a guide on how to lie with statistics, but it is an excellent text that informs the reader both how others will lie to them using statistics and on how to interpret the validity of purported statistical data.
Clear, Concise, and Fun: How to Lie with Statistics is a fun and informative look at the was in which statisticians try to decieve the public with misleading statistics. Every chapter contains plenty of real-world examles that provide excellent insight into the concepts. The book is a quick read (only 142 pages) and it holds the reader's attention; both are necessities for an educational work. How to Lie with Statistics is perfect for the beginning statistics student or anyone who wants to learn how they can be decieved through the manipulation of numbers. The reading level and math make this more appropriate for high school or college students than for younger students. Using three randomly selected paragraphs, the mean Flesch-Kincaid grade level was 10.4; thus this book is excellent for sophomores or advanced freshman. Although the writing is a little dated (1954), it is still clear and highly relevant. Overall, this is a highly recommended and worthwhile read.
An Up To Date Primer!: This book is a very good primer for getting one's feet wet in the world of non-profit organizations. While it is by no means exhaustive, it is certainly broad and deep enough for anyone to run their non-profit more efficiently and more ethically. It covers excellent project, team and board building strategies, as well as nearly every type of fundraising and solicitation. Additionally, there is good information on employing the internet for communication, engagement and fundraising -- STILL a fairly new field for many.Appendices A-C cover some very good tools and examples. Though the listed government grant sources in appendix D focus mainly upon the Humanities and the Arts, valuable web sources are given for finding grants in other areas.
sony printer: not really what i wanted xxxxv xxxxx xxxx xx xxxxx xxxxx xxx xx xxx x xxxxx xxxx zzzz zzzz zzzz
A waste of money -- and tin.: This collection amounts to three dollar-store discs jammed into a pretty package. For those who prefer substance over style, look elsewhere for this material, which is given a pretty shoddy presentation overall.Disc 3 (which was unplayable on the two DVD players I tried it on) repeats the entire contents of Disc 2, and adds the TV pilots Kook's Tour and Jerks Of All Trades -- making Disc 2 a pointless redundancy. Avoid it at all costs.
Misleading: You get what you pay for with this set. Only contains maybe an hour of classic stooge fun. It may fill the gap in someones collection, but mostly contains fillers and short dvds. It appears to be a collection of videos that no one else wanted. One full DVD is the lame three stooges cartoons. If you are looking for classic stooge comedy this set contains very little.
Not what I expected - a rip off: The price was attractive, as was the packaging. The box shows Curly. But alas - Curly is not easily found in this compilation. Also - a lot of the "extra features" are lame. Stay away from this product. If you really want the Three Stooges - buy the 8 volume compilation from Sony instead.
Total rip off: The Three stooges( Collectors Edition)The box says "7DVDs over 11 hours" what they dont say is that there are only 4 classic stooges shorts and only on the first DVD. The rest of the set is crap. The reamaining 6 1/2 dvds /10 hours are patched together bad movies and cartoons ( remember the really bad stooges cartoons you wouldnt even watch back in the 60's) It is intentionaly misrepresented. The packaging is first class, a real eyegrabber, but whats inside is junk.
Good Read: i read this book many yeawrs ago and decided to buy it again and read it. I enjoyed it but will not read it again.
Quite possibly the scariest novel ever constructed: Go to a used bookstore. Search the internet. Scour the newsgroups. And find this book. I have never read a novel before nor since that has the power to terrify the way the late Tryon does here. His mastery of sentence structure alone puts him above the vast majority of horror novelists. Simply a sensational piece of work -- and a travesty that it's out of print.
chico hamilton timely: cheeks grove is the hook on this cd . chico has that groovy back beat and always a top notch band....worth a listen BIG DADDY
I hate reductionists: As philosophy of science this work is very fascinating. Unfortunately it is permeated with rather Marxist ideas which the author seems to cherish. But, as an incissive criticism of reductionist science, especially biology, it is very good.
skillful: Reading this is reading a master at work. Pinsky wields so much skill it's ridiculous. Reading the poems here is like listening to an intelligent, old man sitting in a chair somewhere in a field, giving his thoughts free rein, following them where they land. In my opinion, the poem "The Figured Wheel" is a lyrical, breath-taking masterpiece.
we must feel bad that this was our Poet Laureate: Pinsky is in love with being a poet, but his poems don't mean anything to the rest of us. This book is a perfect example of this. We are supposed to admire him, not read him, and I find it a shame that this lousy work got him a Luareateship.
Great!: I like em a lot, wife thinks they're the best cereal she's ever had, teen daughter thinks they taste just a bit better than hamster food, the others here like them enough. Bags are pretty small but still a good enough deal that I'll buy again, just too good (and a unique flavor...really like the pumpkin seeds in them) not to.
Great Resource for Victorious Living: This is a great resource for victorious living! It shows the consequences of choices each of us make in our lives and how important it is to make the right choice to live a life of true freedom and liberty! It is a quick read - I was fascinated with the stories shared from the beginning and had a hard time putting the book down! I got copies for my family to help encourage them as they are getting ready to enter the "dating" stage of their lives to help them stay on course and help give them the tools to save themselves for marriage as God intended. I highly recommend this book - whether you're married or single!!
Fine Film, Abysmal DVD: This is a fine Randolph Scott film. Unfortunately the DVD has interference on the audio channel (bass-heavy contemporary music, as if someone was playing something through the board when the transfer was made) and the print itself shows damage in places. I have never encountered a major studio release with this level of audio interference. Thanks for caring, Columbia Pictures!
Very nice: Item was just as described. Very nice fit...does not slip down your leg and also securely holds your weapon. I would definitely buy this again. Perfect
terrifically written, great story.: Ruarke is rightfully called the master of outdoor writing. This is a fabulously written story of his first safari in Kenya and Tanganyika (now Tanzania). It is a must read for anyone who enjoys outdoor literature, hunting stories, or Africa.
Great: This eight pound bag lasts our cockatoo 2-3 months. Way more economical to buy here on Amazon than in the store. We reseal it for storage, and use it well before it goes stale (colours and smells still vibrant).
choco tacos: I have to say I haven't actually read this book, but I feel like if you are considering giving this author a chance to influence your eternal salvation, you ought to give the nice people who come knocking at your door a chance too. Then pray about what you have learned and decide for yourself. But if you want to celebrate over Choco Tacos, you would have to go to Taco Johns, I used to work there and they are the ones who sell the tasty treat. (see other reviews for this book to understand what I am talking about!)
As a How-To Book, this one just doesn't work.: It's the truth that early Mormon leaders told fanciful tales about Moon Men and the Lost Ten Tribes . . . to their kids at bedtime. It seems there's a difference between what a Mormon leader says from the puplit as official doctrine, and what they say having fun with their family. It's the same with anyone. This book takes snippets from private journals and attempts to pass them off as official doctrine. As a How-To Book, this one just doesn't work.A better book to buy from Amazon on this subject is Tinkling Cymbals and Sounding Brass : The Art of Telling Tales About Joseph Smith and Brigham Young (The Collected Works of Hugh Nibley, Vol 11) . Hugh Nibley, David J. Whittaker (Editor) / Hardcover / Published 1991
Horribly Disappointed!: Don't get me wrong, "Harriet the Spy," was one of my all time favorite books (and movies), growing up. I'm almost 26 now and had always wanted to read "The Long Secret," So after re-reading Harriet, I went to the bookstore and ordered myself a copy. Well, at first it wasn't so bad, but there really wasn't any real point to the story. Harriet hadn't matured much at all, and to make matters worse, really offensive and hostile notes were left all over the place. I am also a Christian and find it offensive that the phrase "Jesus Hates You," should be allowed to be published in a Children's book. This is especially true in this day and age, when almost any threat has the potential to turn violent.Skip this one.
the long secret--: just didn't like this book. it seem to be crude and it's really a book for girls only.
Good for Smaller bows: This product is light in weight and good for smaller non parralel limb bows. I have a Mathews Reezen and it was too small. Amazon has a great return policy and traded for Plano Max XT.
Presents a way of devotion to Jesus and Mary: This book presents a marian version of the traditional Greek orthodox Jesus prayer. Instead of "Lord Jesus Christ, son of the living God, have mercy on me a sinner", Sister reveals that Jesus has told her to constantly repeat the phrase "Jesus, Mary, I love you. Save souls." While on the surface the prayer is very simple, it is difficult in practice because of the requirements of purity of mind, intense desire, and continuous repetition. Sister says that Jesus finds the prayer most pleasing, of great benefit to all souls, living and deceased, and with the help of grace, can be done by anyone. This is a method of prayer for the "littlest ones" of all ages.
YUCK!: I returned this product. The legs were too big and the waist too small. I looked like I was in a strait jacket. I have the high back waist cincher and am pleased with it, other than the rubber smell I can't elimate, but this product sucks!
A very REAL book: Leaving the issues for apostates and apologists to bicker over, this book simply looks at the lives of people actually in the church: what they do in their normal every day lives. I especially liked the depictions of Latter-Day Saints in nations outside the United States, including the temple trip down the Amazon and a few shots of Victoria Peak! Beliver or no, these pictures tell 10,000 words about a people that are industrious, optimistic, and compassionate. These photos aver that while many continue to criticize and ostracize this church, the Latter-Day Saints frequently hold the moral/ethical highground on their idealogical opponents. How many other 200-year old American religions would stand under this kind of across-the-globe scrutiny? This book contains real, in your face, irrefutable evidence that like them nor not, the Mormons are indeed a "peculiar people."
Summer of my german solider review: I enjoyed this book a great deal. The story was very interesting and kept the reader guessing. I thought that many issues in the book were easy for students to relate to even today. The author didn't pull any punches in this startling work. I enjoyed this book and recommend it for students in sixth grade and up.
BORING: I have never read a book that was so boring. The book talked about a jewish girl helping out a nazi. Nothing happens inthe begining and the climax is the girl housing the nati. WOW,NOT! Weas a class read this book as a class and i asked everyone what they thought of the book. They all agreed with me!
A Boring with a German Soldier: Although at first glance the book seems to have a good plot, it does not. I didn't like the character of Patty, she seemed so pathetic and she whined too much. The relationship between Patty and Anton is very disturbing, becuase Patty is weird about how she reactes when she is around Anton. The book disturbed me.
Good: This was a present for my boyfriend. He seems to like it. It arrived in a very reasonable time. It seems to be very sturdy and easy to operate.
Little America: This book was an interesting reading for me. It was one of the best school readings I have been assigned. It was a up front look at a man looking to uncover his fathers past. His style of writing was upfront and direct. We did not feel compelled to censor his minds work of placing swear words in the text where needed, or being vague about intimate love sessions that had taken place. I most enjoyed the idea of the go-cart club. The inventiveness of having this club to lure in the king is one of the most original ideas that I have read in a long while. The book also has a sense of being a bit personal. I do not know Henry Bromell, only that he is good friends with ny english teacher, but from reading this book I have a sense that I know a little about him. That is why I believe people write books, is to allow the readers to have a brief glimpse inside the authors mind and life. He has, in my opinion, succeeded in doing so with Little America.
Disappointing: Fine as an introduction to Duncan, but not for serious study. At best, this is a "Greatest Hits" record--though that said, it's a bit like buying Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits. It's good in that it touches every portion of his career, but since Duncan worked so fiercely in the poetics of the series and the idea of "the book of poetry," ultimately it leaves the reader wanting.
Bad quality zipper: We outgrew our 8x8 tents with the kids, so we bought this tent preparing for our next camp trip. We test it out at our back yard right after we bought it. It's easy to set up, and roommy. However, the zippers are done in very low end quality. The window zippers work ok, but both the door zipper did not work well! The mesh zipper will open up after you zipped it. The door zipper is not well stiched on one side! And it's hard to zip it around.We are return it back to the store tomorrow!
what i thought about this tent: i bought this tent brand new and had it for one year and opened it up one time to put it up and brought on a fishing trip and the string thats in the tent poles broke in 3 places. and the zippers are terrible always get caught.its roomy but its cheap!
Amazon shipping: This rice cooker works great. My only complaint is with Amazon. This is the 2nd non-book item I've ordered from Amazon and I don't understand why these items are only shipped in their mfg packaging with no exterior boxing. Thankfully this item arrived in good shape. This is something to think about when ordering non-book items from Amazon.
Good Anime: If your a fan of the games you will enjoy the anime watching the familiar characters I like the dubbing I am a dubb person I perfer it, so its rare I ever complaint about it. Good series having played the games you will enjoy it more. Art style is diffrent its a good different nice change . For the price I paid 13 bucks its worth it
I'd rather stick razors into my mouth: Maybe it was my bad to buy a knockoff product that was so cheap. Compared to Gum brand picks, Doctor's BrushPicks are unusable. The picks have no flexibility or give. Maybe I could use them to clean out tiny metal machine parts.
Best band of all time: This Dvd is amazing. Braid is rock at its finest. If you get a chance you must see them on their reunion tour. The extras are hands down the best on any live dvd I have seen. This knocked the Impossibles Never Say Goodbye Dvd out of my player finally.
well written and complete but a little dated: this book was written before the pci express standard was ratified so much of the information is speculative. nevertheless, it is well written and complete.
Smells Sweaty: I USED to LOVE this perfume and used for years. But the last two times I bought it from Perfume World or I give someone to use, I have noticed that it smells worse than sweat - horrible. I don’t believe this is the original perfume. Something somewhere is not right with it. But the original (real Paloma Picasso) was excellent. Everyone used to ask me what I was wearing and where to get it! My $60 down the drain! Next time will try to buy from Macys like I used to and see if I can get the original Paloma.
Unsupported by the Constitution: Yoo's arguments in favor of an essentially unchecked executive fly in the face of everything that the Founders intended when creating our great country. He is undoubtedly intelligent, given the prowess with which he manipulates the Constitution and legal precepts into seemingly supporting his own theory. Despite the packaging, however, the fundamental basis for his theory is fatally flawed. He is, at his core, merely an opportunist who advocates theories for the sole purpose of furthering his own career, rather than because they actually have merit. In other words, he's just a hack at heart. This book isn't worth your time or money.
Not for Hydroponic Growers: This book contains exactly one chapter on hydroponics and it's not a very good chapter. As a general book on growing, it's not bad, but anything that purports itself as being a "grow bible" should include extensive information on evaluating hydroponics systems and mediums and how to use and maintain them throughout a grow. This book contains some information on this, but not nearly enough. For whatever reasons, it includes far more information on genetics and breeding, but most growers I know buy clones or seeds. Those pages would have been better devoted to all things hydroponics.Is there a good book focused primarily on indoor hydroponic growing? Not sure I need it now, but it would have been great to have a few months back.
Evident Growing Errors!: Some ideas in this book are as helpful as any newspapers' garden section. There are EVIDENT growing ERRORS in this book. If you are a beginner or intermediate grower, this book may misguide your gardening efforts. If you want real facts, there are better sources out there.
Great find!!!!: This book was a great find! It has more information than pictures which is okay, it is very descript in its information and easy to read. I'd recommend this book to anyone looking to further their knowlegde in this art.
still waiting: This book never shipped. ordered over 6 weeks ago. Smazon still says ships within 1-3 weeks. it has been 4 weeks past their estimated ship date. So don't bother ordering this book.
boring & pretentious crap!: This book is a sure snooze-fest. Luckily for me I did not have to read the entire book for my undergrad art history photo class. We read selected chapters of the book.They writing was horrible. Many parts were unclear. I had to reread what I read over and over. I can't stand this style of writing. Barthes attempts to come off as interesting and intelligent. Instead, he comes off as boring and pretentious.Skip this book... try something else.
Heavy going: It is my belief that people who really know what they are talking about can explain their thoughts clearly. I cannot be sure if the fault in this book is with the original author or the translator, but it certainly does not measure up to this criterion. It may be of interest to photography academics, but I doubt if a photographer will get much out of it that is useful.
DVD Version please!: I had this VHS tape years ago but no longer own it. I'm looking for the DVD version of it because it is one of the most enjoyable work-outs tapes I've ever done...and I've done a lot of them.
Very fun video and not hard to follow!: This is a great intermediate video. It's one of my favorites. It's set to Motown music and it's very fun. The moves are dancy but Donna has great cueing and after a couple of times you get it down. I don't like videos that are easy the first couple of times through because I get bored to fast. I recommend this video to anyone who enjoys dancy aerobics. IT'S FUN!
Fabulous: For the first time, I read a book in which I thought the artist was sitting in the room and telling me about her life. The is one of the most inspiring, eclectic, and electrifying books I have ever read. It's just fabulous.
I like Elton but...: I admit I did not read the back of this CD carefully. I happily bought it and popped it into the CD player anticipating the wonderful tunes I had heard throughout the movie. But my favorites weren't there. The most important missing item? It's Tough To Be A God as sung by the stars of the movie. Elton John's duet with Randy Newman just isn't as much fun. It's not a bad album really. I was just disappointed.
crocodile crock: The king of Crocodile Rock lost his teeth 25 years ago but here he is -again! - plugging away in geezer FM heaven. While old pharts may love the way John's campy cream puff crooning fluffs up their Depends, kids will absolutely hate this flaccidly-themed soundtrack of paint-by-number sugar pop fizz and bombastic lik-a-stik storytelling. Incredibly, The Road to El Doh!rado is worse than Elt's last Tim Rice collaboration AIDA, the 1999 multi-guest stinker currently being loaded in skeet machines around the world. Indeed, the only level this one works on is a cheap alternative for parents who want to sedate their hyperactive whippersnappers without having to shell out big bucks for a Ritalin prescription. Give it a rest Elton, for gawd's sake.
not what i had hoped: i was thinking that this was a cd where the music was taken from the movie, not all resung by elton john. the songs lost the flavor i was looking for. if you're an elton john fan you probably would like it
Best Yoga video for kids of ALL ages & abilities: Totally fun and captivating with creativty for children 3-13 plus lots of stuff for older brothers/sisters as well as Mon/Dad or any extended family member to partake in. Great pace for ALL. Perfect music and voice and a nice outdoor background lending itself to an uplifting and yet mellow mood.Everyone will be inspired to increase their mental/emotional calmness, physical coordination, flexibility as well as focus of mind alone and with friends/family.
Very slow shipping: The book I ordered was a gift. I am sure they will enjoy reading it but it took a very long time to get here. Disappointed in that!
A Great Book: Once I started reading this book, I could not put it down. It gave me even more respect for those of this generation. After reading this book, I had to order Mr. Brokaw's other books.
The Greatest Generation: Excellent book with profiles of folks who survived WWII and came back to our country to make a productive life for themselves. The format is very readable and the stories enjoyable despite some very serious pictures presented of the war.
Great topic, poor writing style: Tom Brokaw has chosen a fanastic topic: the Baby boomers' parents. Their life & times, trials & stamina through the Depression, war(s), and raising families. I wish an author with a bit of distance and vision would have done the actual writing of this book. As it is, Brokaw cannonizes his subjects and does a poor job telling the real story. I hope this topic gets explored further by someone other than Brokaw, who has little talent as a writer. I was very disappointed reading this book and I made the mistake of buying gift copies for my elderly war vet friend & neighbors, and my own Father without pre-reading it. Live and learn, I guess. Sorry, I had expectations of being thrilled with this book...but wasn't.
A great disapointment: Rather than letting his subjects tell their stories Brokaw interjects his politics and philosophy. I donated my copy to the city library. Instead, read Studs Terkel's "The Good War." It "is" what Brokaw could have "had", if he would have imitated the master oral biographer.
Mr.Brokaw concentrated too much on officers: Mr. brokaw couldn't possibly imagine the conditions under which most young men were living when called upon to save their nation.Mr.Brokaw found mostly officers to interview,most of whom went into the service as officers,and later became politicians. Where are the uneducated,poverty stricken youths who went into the armed forces,fought and died for their country, and, those who survived,returned to their former lives little better off than before being drafted? The author never mentioned the fact that machinery is always in place to keep our rich youths out of the service,making their service in our armed forces strictly voluntary; and always as officers,most-repeat-,most of whom never heard a shot fired,the exception proving the rule
Greatest Generation: A very moving and informative book. A friend gave me this book shortly after my father passed. After reading it it made me realize what my father went through when he was in WWII. This book helped me bring me closer to my father.This book is full of stories of WWII vets, what happened to them, and how it changed there life, and how they succeeded.
Inspiring: I am tremendously inspired by the stories contained in this book. The American spirit during WWII is unequalled especially compared to the sick societies of Japan and Germany. Whether this generation is the "greatest" or not, there is no doubt in my mind that the cooperative effort that was required to defend freedom and defeat the fascists is without a doubt the greatest effort in history.
A waste of time: Mostly pontification. Where's the scholarship? The only reason I sat through this one was that it was an audio book and I was on an eight hour drive. If this is the greatest generation, I'm in the generation that got the bill. This book glossed over most everything. If anything it proved the opposite of its title.
Good idea, but shallow text and a distorted picture: Brokaw writes not like a veteran newsman, but like an awestruck, hero-worshipping kid. That's not a crime, but one expects more from a man with Brokaw's experience and training. I felt the text was very shallow -- especially in the final section when he interviews celebrities. One doesn't learn a lot in this section. Nor does one get any meaningful insights. I also felt there was a tremendous "sameness" about the interviews. Surely, there were people who had bitter memories or less than passionately patriotic views. Brokaw could have presented a more accurate picture of the generation by including a dissenting opinion or two. Regrettably, one has to wonder about the accuracy of his reporting on NBC News.
A book of simple hurra patriotism: I used to enjoy Tom Brokaw when he was NBC anchor man as a critical and competent journalist. His book however is a real disappiontment. For me, belonging to the post-war generation, it reads as a very shallow "hurra-patriotism" story, without any ctitical investigation of the time priode he covers. Not everything this generation did was so great and I would have expected from a critical journalist like Tom Brokaw to take this aspect into consideration as well. In this sense it is not very demanding book.
0.5 g of Trans Fat per serving: I bought some because it was advertised as "A healthy snack choice..." only to find out when it arrived that it has half a gram of trans fat per serving due to its use of a partially hydrogenated oil.
VTech i6775 Review: Years ago, I had purchased some VTech products and was very displeased with the their quality. At that time, I swore never to buy VTech again.While recently seeking cordless phones with speakerphone options, I came across the i6775. The price was right, and some time had passed, so I bought two sets (home and office) in June, 2006.There's only a three month warranty on these units, and one set recently (11-2006) died. After finally getting through to VTech support and troubleshooting with them, we couldn't revive the system. The phones are useless, and I'm stuck with them.You can guess my advice.
No. Just No.: looks cool. Key word people "looks" cool, it isn't bullet proof, please don't think it is, or that pockets make you look the part.
Tech Analysis is a bunch of BUNK: This book along with all other books and seminars on tech analysis are mere ploys to make the authors wealthy.
this is not the latest version of the book!: I bought the book because I think it is of the latest edition (edition 9?). But obviously, it is not, although it is printed in 2008.Amazon should specify the edition of the book!
the paper back edition is a pirated, unauthorized edition: These paper back editions are pirated and unauthorized. They do not contain the modern emendations.DO NOT BE DECEIVED AND IF YOU HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT IT PROTEST TO AMAZON.
Reprint of a old-edition (1948 ?! ): The book is the reprint of a old edition date back 1948 with some little update up to 1963. The Amazon's Search-Inside(TM) refer to another update version of the book (9 ed.). The book's style and content is very old, the charts are hand-made and frankly speaking now it's possible to do much better and the calculation of indicators now can be exact. If you are interested to the prehistory of technical analysis a would suggest "Welles Wilder - New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems". Modern and better books are those of Achelis and Colby.
NOT an OFFICIAL 2 Skinnee J's Digital Download! Support THE BAND!: Hello Champions, this IS NOT an OFFICIAL 2 Skinnee J's Digital Download! Support THE BAND by downloading it from the band's official website webstore (2SJ.com) where it's available for LESS MONEY and in Hi-Res format!-=AA/2SJ
Body Movin': When you hear the term rap-rock these days, you probably think of artists like Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock. But the label applies just as well to 2 Skinnee J's. The J's mix Beastie Boys-style old-school rap with guitar riffs and a healthy dose of humor. Clear some dance space in your bedroom and shout along to the hilarious "Stockholm Love."Best Song: "3 Minutes"
Humorous bathroom material: This is a great bathroom reader. I find that the references to geographical locations as the word names a bit off, but I imagine inventing new words would be quite challenging.
True Love: This is a very good CD. There is no song on this CD that I don't like, even though the radio only plays one song.
A significant book in psychology and the Bible: Johnson, a clinical psychologist who is a graduate of Fuller Seminary and Fuller Graduate School of Psychology, writes a clear and careful study of the psychological factors that can unconsciously affect the way people read the Bible. He points out how issues of perception, cognitive process, social interaction, and culture can shape how a person interprets scripture. He writes from a committed Evangelical position, and is not by any means reducing the meaning of scripture to merely human processes or psychology. Still, he does caution against the naivete that says, "I don't interpret the Bible, I just read what it says."This is an essential volume for anyone interested in psychology, religion, and the Bible.
big improvment: My Dell 2650 has 256mb of ram total. More then one program running and it would slow down sometimes freeze. I took out the two 128mb sticks and purchased two of these, getting a total of 512mb. Its still not a lot compared to modern laptops, but it was a noticeable improvement. Now I can get on the internet while a program is running and not have it slow down. Nice product.
Sounds not like yoga instructor... Really I apologise for my feedback.: The introduction mix with lot of unusual verbal, loud and unpleasant voice!!! I don't understand it even... But I like Seane demonstration. Seane is a fantastic demonstrator, that's advantage of her. The sequence is really senseless for detox flow. But it's good for beginner without full audio mix.I'd like to ask why the video starts with about 20 minutes of advertisement? Its something they give this DVD as free gift...I tried both workout Twist and flow, Purify... Really its not going to work with detox. Well, I agree that She studied Pattabhi jois Ashtanga yoga sequence with someone and use that for her sequence. Actually here the sun salutation A and B help to open your body, after the body opening, her sequence like warm down your body. I may try with traditional sun salutation with detox flow. Lets see, how its work. Anyhow, I'm not going to play this DVD again.
not that good: all the songs in my opinion are very cheesey. I only like the first song. the rest....are all CHEEZY!
I loved the theme song, "New Direction!" It's a hot one!!: I am more of a traditional gospel person but as I mature in the Lord, I'm able to get pass all of the hip-hop and hype of the music and get the message that's being sung. I am a big fan of Percy Grey, Jr. and I think that his helping produce this project is what gave it that taste of "chuch!" Overall I say that the project is good and I believe that it will bless the listeners.
Boring Waste of Time!: I bought this CD in hopes that some of Destiny's Child's songs would get a better beat or become more interesting for dancing. What I got was a horrible butchering of "Emotion," a never-ending "Bootylicious," a "Say My Name" mix anyone would be more than happy to do without and mixes of songs that weren't very good the first time around- several weren't even singles! (Dot, Nasty Girl, So Good)To make that sound better, they throw in Independent Women Pt. II, which is taken directly from "Survivor," and hawk a song from Michelle Williams' upcoming solo debut (Heart to Your, Apr. 16). It's sad when the best song on a group's mix CD is one from the member going solo.I would not recommend this CD at all, if you like Destiny's Child, get Survivor or Writing's on the Wall. If you're looking for good new R&B check out Ashanti instead.
Fake blue Lights: These lights are not blue.I can't even tell that I've changed mine from stock bulbs.There is absolutely no difference here.They don't deserve one star.Absolutely do not buy these..It's a waste of time and money.CON
Do not waste your money.....: I'm a relative neophyte to skiing and bought this with the expectation that it might facilitate my learning. In my estimation it was pretty much a waste of time and a total waste of money. Yes, it does provide a modicum of instruction, but for the most part it's suppose to be developing muscle memory by having you watch techniques being repeated ad naseum; didn't work for me.If you want some truly helpful instructional materials, look at the Lito Tejada-Flores and Harold Harb books and tapes.
60 minutes of encouragement and fun!: Our whole family loved this video. It is not only a great introduction to skiing for new skiiers in the family (both young and old alike), but also gets you excited and ready to hit the slopes come winter. For intermediates, this is also an excellent review of the basics and some things you might have missed along the way. Don't miss this one!
A MUST SEE!!! QUITE HILARIOUS!!!!: I purchased this video for my son (who loves them) and fell in love with it. It is my favorite Veggie Tale to date. A must see!! It is quite hilarious especially the silly song with Larry.
NOT MUCH TO SMILE ABOUT HERE! 1 1/2 STARS!: I enjoy a good romance film as much as the next person, but this dreadful film is so forced that I could barely sit through it. Greg Kinnear who is usually very good is flat as a pancake along with his irritating co-star Lauren Holly. There are a few scattered moments (mostly from Joan Cusack), but not not nearly enough to get this awful film off the ground. I rate it 1 1/2 stars because I was somehow able to sit through this lazy comedy with no romance to be found.
This is a horrible, horrible movie.: I made the mistake of seeing this movie in the theater tried hard to get my money's worth. It was impossible. The dialog was so contrived and mindless. There was not a laugh to be had and the chemistry between Kinnear and Holly was nonexistent.
Died after 2 years: I read those positive reviews here and bought this item 2 years ago. It worked pretty well at the beginning. Starting from about a year ago, it couldn't keep the rice moistured for long. Now, it is no better than a 20 bucks rice cooker and I have to replace it.
too slow!: We bought this rice cooker because everyone raved about it, but no one seems to have mentioned it's one huge drawback: it takes FOREVER. I tried to make two cups of brown rice this evening. After 75 minutes the water was just beginning to boil. As a working mom, I do not have 2 hours to make rice every evening. Yes, I suppose I could get in the habit of setting up my rice in the morning and setting the timer. But this requires a level of menu commitment I don't presently have. Or, I could go back to our old one-button cheapo machine that cooked white rice in 15 minutes, brown in 30. My husband is Asian, but I'm not. He may like the rice better from this machine, but I'm cooking it and I'm fed up.
Quality of cooked rice went down after about 1.5 years: For the price, I expected this unit to last longer than my parents' bigger and less expensive cooker (can't remember the brand of their rice cooker--either Panasonic or National) which they've used EVERYDAY for more than five years now, and it's still going.My family didn't use this Zojirushi everyday--but we were pretty close! After about a year and a half, the rice doesn't keep as well as it used to. It dries out faster and doesn't cook as evenly as it did while it was under warranty.I noticed most (if not all) the positive reviews were posted after recent purchases. The handful of reviews from folks who have owned and used this item beyond warranty isn't as glowing. Please keep that in mind if you envision using this rice cooker for years to come.
Broke in 10 months.: I was very happy with this rice cooker until the very fragile rubber grommet on the lid tore. They do not sell the part. Beware. It is great but it will not last long this feature makes it very very vulnerable. I had it for 10 months before the fragile grommet tore now it no longer makes good rice. The cost to repair it makes it useless because I would just have to repair it again in 10 months. This is not a rice maker for anyone who cooks a lot of rice it just won't last.
Just after 2.5 years, it is toasted: We bought this 2.5 years ago. It was very good at the beginning. However, just after 2.5 years of light use, it is now toasted. The rice comes out sticky and lumpy and drys up in less than 12 hours. We thought Zojirushi stands for quality and durability. We made a big mistake.
THE little appliance that will.....: All I can say is that every working, healthy and modern kitchen should have a fuzzy logic rice cooker and by buying a good one that will make Porrige and has other modes, you open it up to providing all kinds of wonderful and creative meals.
We love it!: I purchased this rice cooker as a Christmas gift for my parents. I was looking for one that also cooked hot cereals or porridge. I read the reviews and decided to give it a try. My parents loved it - my mom has Alzheimer's so my dad does all the cooking. He has become an expert at making great yummy hot cereals. Once my husband tasted the hot cereals he ordered a cooker for us as well. The cooker is very easy to clean! We are very happy with it. Ours is made in Japan
Best white fluffy rice I have ever had!: The rice turned out perfect! Very different from other rice cookers I have tried. I am worried about what the other reviewers mentioned that the battery could out for the LCD display though since I don't intend to plug the machine in all time.
great item: I was a little confused by reading reviews but I decided on the goFit ball at 65cm and it worked out just right for my 5'8" frame. There was no odor from the ball and was not difficult to blow up the ball with the pump provided.Did my abdomial exersizes with no proplem with my 215 lbs of body weight.I would recommend this item.
Like it: As other reviews, band around ball showing the exercises is unnecessary and not nice looking. Functions well, no problem with the pump. Use it as an alternative desk chair.
Way too soft: It is possible I got a defective ball, but I bought this with the intention of using it for p90x2. I inflated it following the directions precisely, but I found it nearly impossible to perform most of the exercises because the ball compressed so much. It is very high quality and was nearly odorless, but I highly suggest going for a cheaper ball (I'm now using a TKO ball) that is more firm.
Change the picture please!!!!!!!: I read the reviews prior to ordering, the color indicated in the photo was purple (which I really wanted) but I took note that several folks received red. I ordered anyway and of course received a red one. In spite of not getting a purple ball I still think it's a good product. Heavy duty, which was important to me since I need to "trust" my ball, as I too am heavy duty. It holds it's shape and it's volume of air and I feel very comfortable on it. I'm in a stability ball class and have tried the other balls there and like the weight and feel of my "red" ball. I'll probably order another smaller one, a 55cm. The 65cm is great for sitting but a little to large for some of the other activities so I think having a pair of different sizes is the way to go.
Not been able to inflate it fully yet: We have not figured out gow to inflate it fully yet. The go fit customer service is open only monday - friday 9 - 5.So we haven't used it yet. I think i should have just bought it from a local store. The instructions are quite poor.
Great purchase: A coworker of mine had ordered this exact ball and I liked it so much I ordered one for myself. Great value, arrived promptly. This one is fairly large, but I am 6' so it works great for me, shorter folks might want to try one of the smaller ones.
Big, tough and relatively easy to inflate: This ball is extremely durable, a great size and was easy to inflate. For tall people, it is excellent. The skin is thick and we have had no issues with it, and do not feel any danger of it popping.
Having fun with the ball: My husband got this ball as an accessory to a workout program he is using. It has served that purpose very well, and also our kids love it. It's pretty big, so to them it's the ultimate toy. I'm happy its anti-burst, and I can see us using it for many years, it is very quality.
comprehensive book: This book contains a myriad of case studies concerning a wide variety of acoustical problems. Very rich in detail. I found it helpful when trying to tackle challenging acoustical problems.
Huh???: This is very odd. In 1998 Garth Brooks had success when he put out a box set with a similiar theme. However for some artists that kind of treatment doesn't work and it falls flat. I like Toby Keith but this box set is just a way for a record company to make money buy repackaging three CD's (None of which are any good or have any worth) and make an extra buck. It's just sad.
Effortless and Misleading: When I bought this box set, I expected to recieve compact discs that were fully remastered with 24 Bit Technology. Instead, they sound exactly like the original discs I already have. While you may find several top quality country hits in this set, the sound quality isn't up to snuff for today's standards. So now I'm stuck with doubles of everything and out thrity bucks.
What is this gorgeous chaos ?: Just buy this album. 'Dry the rain' is the best song ever. 'Dog's got a bone' is close to being the best ballad ever. Each song is as original and unexpected as an earthquake. Push it out. Feel the Beta vibe.
thoroughly enjoyable, respecatble: Thank goodness for the Beta Band! I must say this album is a real treat for the ears- sonically broad, lyrically uplifting, and overall a good time for all. Kinda like if Graham Parsons spliced his genes with Beck Hanson, had a daughter, who then married David Byrne and had a mess of kids, thereby amounting to the Beta Band. Musically, it's that hard to pin them down, and that's a good thing. Definitely an album that can be enjoyed for ages on end- the only drawback I felt was the appropriately titled 'Monolith'. But hey everyone is entitled to their madness.
A great guide in simple terms!: A great, comprehensive guide that helped me to understand why this happened in a historical context. Also helped me to get a better grasp of what to expect with the war against Afghanistan and Al Qaeda. Now I know why this happened and what to expect. The news media seems to breeze over historical elements in favor of status quo Anthrax and millitary events but this book really helped me to get caught up on my facts. Highly recommended!
more than "disco": In the begining thier was house.......and before that thier was SALSOUL!!!! The root of house music started with salsoul. This cd captures some of the best songs that they produced. To say that this is just another disco cd, would be doing it a grave disjustice. It would be like calling the Mona Lisa just a painting or the statue of Dave just a rock. This is a compilation of the best dance music ever recorded. The blend of rebel rosing vocals and smooth lyrical contents with the monstrative rythems are timeless classics. My only regret is they didn't release all of thier gems out on one compliation. This is a must have for any disco, house, dance, or r&b collection.
Childhood favorite: This was an important book to me when I was a little girl growing up in Colorado. I couldn't tell you how many times I checked it out of the library to read and reread again. I even remember where it was -- second shelf from the end, three row up, reddish hardback cover.Over the years I'd forgotten the title, I just remembered that it was about a little Native American girl who climbed a tree and found another world in the sky. After a tedious search of my old towns online library (yay for modern internet searches) I found a title that rung a bell and won a copy on ebay!I'm so happy to have this book on my shelf now. Wonderful, wonderful story.
Delightful: I loved this book as a young girl. I loved the message about finding your talents and making the most of them, even when you are feeling out of place or far from all that is familiar. I've been looking for it for my children for years and am so thrilled to have finally found it!
"You Get What You Pay For"!: I have purchased several bluetooth headsets in my attempt to obtain a good quality sound. I purchased the Nextlink AX2 with the hopes of solving my search. I was not impressed. It was loud enough (as they stated), but with the volume turned up it created an echo for the recipient of the call. It is a ROYAL pain trying to get the thing in your ear while driving. Once in, it was fine. I hung up on several calls while attempting to secure it in my ear.I have put the whole thing back in the package and will try to return (though for the $30 less shipping both ways) it probably isn't worth my time.I have gone to the expensive H700 MotorolaAs they say -"you get what you pay for"
Oscar de la Renta Eau De Toilette 8.0 Oz.: My wife thinks this product is identical to the product we found in local stores, but at a much lower price per ounce. She has been using this product for years.
Hate it: We hate this thing. Hate. Hate. Hate.Even though it is supposed to hold three bikes, we can't even get two bikes on it, they are so squished together.Every time we try to use it, we just get covered in grease, angry, and abandon all hope of ever riding bikes somewhere that is not at home.Foaming raging hatred.
Serious flaw with this bike rack. Screws made of PLASTIC!: At first glance this rack seems well designed. In fact when I first put it on my car it felt very secure. However, after 3 days I noticed that one of the inner arms was loose. On closer inspection I realized that the screw that tightens the arm was defective and wouldn't tighten. After pulling it out I wasn't surprised because the screw is made of plastic. I couldn't believe it. The entire rack was total garbage because of one plastic screw. The screw is not replaceable with something from your local hardware store either. It is a specialty screw with a large cap on it that lets you hand tighten it. I can't believe that Saris would do this just to save a few bucks. This rack went back to Amazon and good riddance.
Menotti - Amahl and the Night Visitors: The Quality is tenth rate, this DVD is almost unwatchable and the audio sucks.
Good show. Bad release.: Air is a pretty decent show, though not quite as good as Kanon and Clannad that came afterwards. ADV also gave it a great dub. But it's not worth buying this set. Not only does it cram all the episodes onto two discs, with Funi's usually bad AV quality as a result, but it also strips one of the episodes from the series. It may only be a recap episode, but it's still part of the show.This is not a complete collection, and not worth buying.
Heller with a gun: This novel takes you from a warm fire to the icy wastes and carries you on a wild flight to survive the elements and overcome the threat to innocent travellers. A excellent adventure with a unexpected ending.
Best Keep As A Secret: This is a story with a modicum of drama except for a small dog (surprising given the starry nature of the human cast), close to nonexistence suspense, and muddy sound recording compounded with hard to understand dialog (English accents and all that). Gielgud's performance as the hero is mostly one dimensional (when you can understand his delivery); as the heroine, Carroll's "acting" ranges from chatty to zombie; and Lorrie's delivery is over-the-top ham (and, quite frankly, an embarrassment) as he portrays the "good-guy" killer. All this is in marked contrast to the achievements of the fourth principal performer, Robert Young. Young provides an acting tour de force as the subject matter of the film. He makes the film his own!There are some gee-wiz (for the time, 1936) special in-camera/editing effects which were then fast becoming (and would continue to be) a Hitchcock trademark.Not one of Hitchcock's masterpieces, but not one of his disasters either.WILLIAM FLANIGAN, Ph.D
Start here: These three discs are a perfect place to begin your Stereolab collection as it covers a wide cross section of "the stereolab sound".And the music...??? just look up the individual disc reviews on Amazon.It's all there....Enjoy
Not what I Thought: I bought this book thinking this was Historical fiction...I was wrong, this is trash, one of the most ridiculous books I've ever read, he doesn't know squat, and his characters are ludicrous, badly written and boring.
tactful approach to adolescent obesity: This movie is very enjoyable and handles the topic of adolescent obesity and eating disorders very tactfully. Could be shown in high school health classes.
Below Par: I like Feinstein's work but this book is a bore. The first 100 pages are mini-biographies of USGA staff. Someone out there must find interesting which college basketball team is the favorite of the USGA publicity director, but I am at loss to understand whom.
Another great Feinstein golf book: Feinstein takes a different tack in The Open versus his previous golf books, A Good Walk Spoiled and The Majors. Instead of stories about the players on the tour, this story focuses on the people behind the transformation of the worn-out municipal golf course Bethpage Black into the great course that hosted the 2002 U.S. Open championship. I found I couldn't stop reading, as Feinstein's prose is once again funny, heartwarming, and flowing. My only critique is that I wished for more detail on Rees Jones' changes to A.G. Tillinghast's design, with illustrations. For a book about the transformation of the golf course, there isn't enough about the physical changes that were done. The book does a great job portraying the enormity of the project that was undertaken, so the satisfaction that is felt with the success of the championship seems to be well deserved.
A Good Open Spoiled: The subtitle should be, "Inside the Port-o-Johns at Bethpage Black," because Feinstein devotes many pages to the man who set up all those portable toilets that lined the golf course, every last one, even one that Tiger briefly did some business in! The guy who unloaded the Port-o-Johns off the truck is interesting for about a clause, but we get page after page of this guy. You'd think he was the Pope of Bethpage Black. If you want to know fascinating stuff like the PRECISE NUMBER of Port-O-Johns that actually lined the golf course, then attempt to burrow your way through Open. The playing of golf -- I'm talking about the first actual golf shot of the tournament -- doesn't make its first appearance until page 256. At that point, the book is more than two-thirds over!!!Feinstein phoned this one in. Did someone edit this? He should have called it, "A Good Open Spoiled." Don't waste your money.
Deadliest Plane Crash reveiew: DVD was in excellent condition, brand new. The Film is very good, well made, very good visuals to go with the story telling, however, this is a short version of the original film, that is the only negative of this production.
One of the Best Texts in "Calculus Reform": If you read it through and through, you will find how wonderful it is to approach calculus in a graphical, numerical and symbolic way. If you want to challenge your mind in this way, this book is probably the most suitable for you. I am using it in my calculus calss, and I found the concepts are very clearly explained. The thing that I love most of this book is that it helps students develop a good understanding of calculus through observing and studying the graphs of the functions. This only imperfection of the book, if any, is that there lack of some theoretical exercises. But any book can not be perfect. The most important thing is how you enjoy it. For me, it is a new and fresh guide of the study of calculus.
Nearly useless as a calculus textbook: I am a fan of traditional theorem-proof exposition, and this Ostebee-Zorn text demonstrates why. This book attempts to make calculus easy to understand, but the only result is that it is impossible to follow. Essential concepts are buried deep within piles of verbiage, and the examples skip important steps making them hard to follow. Add to that the large number of typos and errors in the solutions manual. As a teaching assistant, I have had strong mathematics students who could not understand this book and whose knowledge of calculus suffered as a result. With so many quality calculus textbooks on the market, it is hard to understand why a school would choose to use this unsuccessful experiment.
I wouldn't recommend this book....too much dam sex!: I wouldn't recommend this book...I believe that Roth is too involved in the characters having sex than trying to get some sort of plot going....I didn't enjoy reading Goodbye, Columbus, but I did enjoy reading the short stories where it is not about sex but rather about religion. thank you for the short stories....
Drunk SpongeBob?? A Disappointing movie.: NOTE FOR PARENTS: What was Nickolodeon thinking?? SpongeBob and Patrick stuff themselves with sundaes then behave like drunks...down to the staggering about, talking with slurred speech, and suffering from a hangover the next morning on an unshaven, bleary-eyed SpongeBob. The scene could have easily been played with stomachaches.Also, the movie features Patrick in black fishnet hose and stiletto heels- I kid you not!My sons, fans of SpongeBob on TV, rarely laughed and pronounced it 'sorta OK'. We all wished we'd seen someting else. The story was contrived and not even clever.Watch the show- don't bother seeing the movie.
100% CR**!: What the f**k is this? The TV show was funnier than this garbage! People who doesn't have seen this movie, DON'T SEE IT! It's a yasste of time and money!
Great movie: I loved this movie. It's about Sponge Bob and Patrick going to Shell City to get King Neptune's crown. ANd while SB and P are going to Shell City Plankton takes over the world. IT's a great movie. See it.
Worst Movie in years!!: This is just pethetic! I don't get the point of watching the movie. There was abot hmm... 2..3 funny parts that don't EVEN GO WITH THE MOVIE! Even my dad fell asleep in the movie. I should'nt even tell you the stroy. It's so STUPID! DON'T BUY THIS MOVIE WHEN IT COMES OUT! IF you buy, I hope you enjoy being bored.
"the longest and most boring Spongebob episode ever"!!!!: I really like watching the 15-mins Spongebob Squarepants episodes on TV; they're very innocent and happy, but when I watched this movie I almost lost my head because of the awful it was! This is actually "the longest and most boring Spongebob episode ever", the critics here in Chile said that and I totally agree with them.The worst thing the producers could do was to include real people and stupid effects that make you laugh in the movie. Like David Hasselhoff, the made fun of himself by acting here!!!! plus, the stupid effect when he starts acting as if he was a boat or something, I had self-shame when I watched that part!!!!!I think that the worst thing you could do is to buy this DVD: you'll watch it once, you'll hate it and you'll waste 18 bucks. Bad purchase.
Great case: I've built three computers for family using this case and they all love it. A bit wider than the sandard case but about half the height. Glossy black piano finish.... it only appears cramped if you fail to plan... I use modular P/S and tie down all the cords ...getting ready to buy another.
James Herriot's Dog Stories: Out of all the shopping I have done through Amazon, this is the only thing I will be returning! The book only measures 6 3/4 x 4 1/4, has very small print and obscure black and white illustrations at the beginning of each chapter. In the same order I received James Herriot's "Treasury for Children" which, for the same price, is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL, and what I also expected from this book!
Not for dog lovers only: James Herriot's Dog Stories is written by a man who loves both people and animals. The descriptions of people, dogs, and his humble view of himself are an irresistable combination. The accuracy and wit with which he presents people's relationships with their dogs is priceless. When I read this book, I laugh at the eternal goofiness of dogs and also dog people! The sadder stories are written with a balanced view. This book is an amazing collection of short stories. Highly recommended.
Really fun stuff: It is hard to believe that this is no longer available new on Amazon. I think this is a great CD with jazz and bluegrass all mixed together. If you want to call it progressive, that works too. Anyway, it is great music. Buy it!!
great songs, horrible sound transfer: It is simply not worth wasting your money even on songs of the sixties so fine as these, since the sound qualities of this disc are so poor as to completely ruin the listening experience. I used to have this on vinyl lp and should have kept it. The sound was great back then. The CD is nothing but scratches and hisses. Disgraceful.
The most versitile shirt you will ever own.: This shirt is great by itself, under an cotton shirt, under sholder pads, and even under a coldgear shirt. The coldgear feels almost like crushed velvet and i like it usually but everyonce in a while It gets to me and I have to put on my turf gear underneath it. This a must have for your under armour wardrobe.
greatest eyebrow product ever made: I tried this product when they used to sell it at Walgreens, as soon as I fell in love with it they stopped selling it. I can't seem to find a place anywhere who sells it. Its pain free and works really really well for something that looks like a sticker. I don't even get my eyebrows professionally done. I use these shapers above my brow and tweeze underneath. They make my eyebrows look perfect!
You Nasty: Short remains steadfast w/this release. Production varies, even E. Sermon drops by w/a dope beat for Short to spit to. If you're a fan you will not be dissapointed. His lyrical pimp hand remains strong throughout the duration of the record. Add it to your collection! PEACE
Big waste of money (and space in my house!): My 5 year old son wanted this so bad, but when we got it for him, there were so many pieces to put together that didn't fit together well, he never played with it. It just sits on our floor in many pieces taking up toy space! What a waste!
Raining Stones at a Start of it all: Remember " Don`t play your Rock`n Roll to me " from Smokie? No? The Gallaghers gave a f... on that. They did what they can give but this one was not to the hand of God... The Following Album after this was going on Jesus Christ Ways; only 4 Albums on the World have the right beeing 6 points on Amazon. Defintiley Maybe this is not 6 points but a full 5.00000 ....
Nebula Awards are synonymous with great SF: "Nebula Awards Showcase 2006" is another collection of stories that you read and don't forget immediately. Another great-deal-treasure through Amazon.
Disappointing: This book was suggested reading as if " THE GREAT SECRET to PERSONAL FREEDOM" was going to be revealed. It spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that I was to live my life how I wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me. A very simplistic and selfish point of view.
Happy with the product: I have had the case for a month now and I am very happy with it so far. The case holds my TX nicely. No problems with the belt clip either. Very good product for the price.
Palm case: I love this case. It is very hard to keep my palm protected. I carry my palm in my pocket everyday at work. Befor this case sometimes my lab jacket would get caught in the car door and the door would get slamed on my palm. This case prevents any damage. I LOVE IT!
Good, but some songs were alittle to hip-hop for me.: I liked Soulbait alittle better than this. But Blaze is still good. I like the futuristic effects on the songs and how they designed the album cover.
Legal Mumbo Jumbo: This is truthfully worthless books. I had counted at least 20 typos on this book. I also do not like the double space to make this book look volumnious which it is not. It is basically a flyer which is printed in the form of a book. The litigation only contains New York, and that is too outmoded. Truthfully, it was a waste of time and money to buy this book. It creates the impression that the doors to a very secretive knowledge would be open to you but the knowledge given in this book is very basic which I am sure any reader worth their salt attempting to venture into this territory might already knows. Truthfully, I was disappointed to read this book.
Terrific Reference: As a banker, one never wants to have to be in the position of collecting bad debts. Mr. Lewis has done a great job describing the process -- a terrific reference for anyone who needs an experienced perspective on the process!
Love of Siam: This budding romance is a bit...slow. I was a bit disappointed with the story line but then again, I find it quite difficult for Asians to do a well coming out or coming of age story. This is my opinion. I would reccomend that you save your money and not view it.
Pretty and very BORING!: WOW! I was hoping this game wouldn't be as bad as people said. It really sucks! No fun at all. Pretty to look at on my 1080p-but that's it. Fun-factor = 3/10 Glad I only paid 37.00 for it. In a nutshell, if you're under 15 yrs old, you will love this game! If not, spit on it. What a waste.
why do you pay someone to write your reviews?: I tried this cream and now have to go to a dermatologist because of a skin reaction. The only positive feedback comes from a feedback pro. Don't believe me.......read the other "reviews" they have left. Buyer beware....any company that has to pay someone to write their reviews needs to put out a better product so real reviews can be written.
Enjoyable and Instructive: I bought the Drawing & Painting Fantasy Beasts and the Fantasy Figures books for our high school library. The kids really enjoy them and so do I. I just signed on to see what else might be in this series and to order more copies. While these books may not appeal to everyone (not enough step-by-step for true beginners), the layout and abundance of good pictures and ideas will grab most readers and artists.
HOLIDAY TREASURE: Barry Corbin ends up with a Korean family that he never knew he had. He is gruff and not accepting of his visitors, not even friendly, but soon mellows during the Christmas season. The usual characters are here - a wonderful series that should have lasted longer. This chapter is just another example of great acting and terrific writing. I enjoyed the old VHS and it arrived in perfect shape. Wonderful, family entertainment.
A very good book.: Normally I am the kind of person who goes for books with adventure and fantasy in them. But hey, I tried this one out and loved it. It's not as fast paced as some of the books I've read, but that suprisingly didn't matter. I suggest anyone read it.
NaST like a teST: I am in college now and i had to take a teST on this book when i was i the seventh grade. At that time i hated the book. i thought it was even more naST than Jhonny Tremain. i just wanted to make a mast on that book. it was so boring i just fell asleep. i would not reccomend this book to anyone and i would tell someone to read The Future of Us instead. i just fealt like making a naST in this book and putting it away so when the next person like juSTice reads it they would see my naST and think the book was naST. what a disappointment
Only one part was good in this whole book: This book is about some girl from Barbados named Kit Tyler who has to move to Wethersfield, Connecticut. First of all, the characters are the most boring people in the world. The plot stinks. There barely is a plot. I like books where there is a lot of action and the story mountain has bumps along the way. This book, there is no mountain and they just go on flat ground (just to let you know I'm being metaphoric here) and then go up a little hill. The only reason I actually gave this book a star is because the witch trials and where Kit is running away is kind of suspenseful. Just don't read this book it isn't good.
OK: This book was ok to me. It dragged on quite a bit but I really liked the ending. I didn't like how it would talk about the same thing for over 3 chapters. It just felt like it wasn't my kind of book. However, I liked the last part. The last 5 chapters were probably that only part I liked.
Boring: After purchasing this for our home library, I couldn't wait to read it before my children did. I was bored and unenthused throughout the reading. The author made great attempts at historical accuracy, just not enough with character or plot development. The story must have been born of facts first, as the characters just seemed thrown about and inconsistent. Along with the lack of plot, those inconsistencies are what make this a brutal read. I can't imagine either of my young avid readers enjoying this book and all its predictabilities.
Very bad work by Elizabeth Speare review for Mr. Jones: I think this book was boring. The only exciting part is the witch hunt. Most of the time they talked about polatics. If they wern't the were cring over petty grevences such as love. This is why this story was boring. The characters were annoying and obtuse, it was hard reading such a disgusting piece of lititure. Kit was such an unintelligent and snooty creature it was infurating to read about. The women were either self-centered or meek, the thought about love all the time. The men disscussed politics like a change would end the world and the men thought women were dirt. Nat and the cat were the only intellegent creatures. The characthers are just lacking perwsonality and intellegence.
Love this book: I have read this book several times since I was a pre-teen. It's like visiting an old friend each time. I love it. One of my all time favorites.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond: The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good book. It is about the early American settlers, the Puritans and their witch trials. Kit has recently moved to America from a Barbadoes after her father's death. What she finds there are strict religious rules, pious settlers, and bad fashion. But she takes refuge in the company of Hannah, who is called evil because she is a Quaker. When Hannah is acused of casting sickness on the town and escapes, the town acuses Kit. In the end, Kit must learn to change her attitude and the town must learn to conquer religious differences.
An interesting but predictible book: This book was semi interesting. I liked certain parts, but compared to other books, this one was too predictible. I prefered the book, Beyond the Burning Time. Not only was it better, it was less predictable and more interesting! But read the two books for yourself and you can decide!
A Girl who lost everything takes her chances in Wethersfield: This book was an overall 1 star book. The quality of the dialogue was horrible because it was very unrealistic. This book was also very boring and drawn out because it did not have a lot of action. The characters, however were very interesting and original. The events were very boring and predictable.
A Joy to Read: This book was a wonderfully light and entertaining read. Kit is a young girl who is forced to leave her island home of Barbados in the late 1600's and live with a strict Puritan community in Connecticut. She has many new relationships some good and some bad in this land where life seems so harsh. One of her special relationships is with an elderly Quaker woman, the Witch of Blackbird Pond. The author is detailed in showing early New England life. The characters are a charming and I will always remember Hannah Tupper. A fabulous book for adults, young and old.
The perfect choice!: When we purchased a new sofa that has a recliner on each end, we needed a table to sit in front of the middle seat when it's just the two of us. One that we could reach items from either recliner. This table has beautiful smooth wood; it's the right size & serves as the perfect companion when we settle down to a night of TV.
Good Buy: This book gives some good advice on the essay, but an awful lot of the book is not related how to put together your best essay. I bought this after the book "A is For Admission" recommended it. I had much higher expectations for it because of that.
True sons of Merengue.: They have that unmistakable beet like their fathers. Which is always good to hear. But they have managed to do create a new style, whch is what makes this one "mortal". As soon as I saw them do one of their songs on TV, I went out to buy it. I wasn't disappointed. It is extremely danceable. I also love the name and what it means.
this music will take your words from you: one of the best albums....................ever. any genre, any era. my god, what a knock out. this is the latest musical persona of will oldham (whose illustrious career began as "palace/palace music/palace brothers") and many say it's his greatest achievement yet. i knew within ten seconds of first hearing this record that it had to be true. every song reaches in and squeezes the heart, gets all tangled up in your insides. you know what's great about this record? every single haunting track is memorable and affecting. every one. there isn't a single track that fades into the background...and that is a rare treat these days. and the fact that a tune as staggeringly vibrant as "a minor place" can co-exist so easily with smothering odes like "i see a darkness" is just amazing. it is, in many ways, like life.
Perversely Uplifting: I am trying to be frugal with my five star reviews but this album deserves full marks without question. Judging by my screen name, one can safely assume that I am a Will Oldham fan. I, myself not being much of a writer, will avoid trying to pin this album down with my words but direct those interested to reviews at both pitchforkmedia.com and nme.com.
urethane coating, how about all urethane: It is my girls first year in ballet so I just wanted an inexpensive bag. If you want a really nice bag don't waste your money here. The entire bag is made of urethane and has a cheap feel. The biggest positives are the cute graphics and the straps work well.
RI-ON's Plot - Dragon Drive Volume 8: My cousin got this the second it came out, and the amazing action and friendship as well as the "Who do you trust?" undertone continue greatly in this DVD with the introduction of new animation for the theme, "True", as well as the introduction of the character Hideaki. Whose side is he really on, and is he even human? This DVD will keep you on the end of your seat. Dragon Drive fans, you're in for a treat as the final battle is being prepared for!
Why do I have to give this any stars?: If you like good music don't waste 12 bucks. May the record stand, I didn't want this CD. My Sister bought it for me. Their anoying voices and pathetic melodies are, well, annoying and pathetic. No good will come of buying this. Spend your money on a good CD like EVERCLEAR or FASTBALL.
this album suxxxx: i could hardly stand to listen to this cd for more than five minutes.......it was so depressing and all the songs practically sounded the same.....get What's the story morning glory....it rocks
Not all that: I am a Oasis fan and to be honest Be Here Now isn't very good . The only good songs are d'you know what i mean , magic pie , stand by me and all around the world {which is too long } . Its no where near as good as the others and isn't worth the money
not terrible, but really not good enough: this is a poor attempt at a follow up to morning glory. I wouldn't say its terrible, but I wouldn't buy it again if given the choice, which is a shame really, because their first two were quite good
WORN OUT, WASHED UP HAS-BEENS: I don't have to hear only new music all the time, but I must say that Oasis' "Be Here Now" is one album I'd just as soon forget forever. If "What's the Story Morning Glory" defined and popularized Brit-pop, "Be Here Now" sounded its death knell! I will admit that the sound is much like older Oasis recordings, but that's just the problem. It's TOO much like the older stuff and sounds suspiciously like the Gallaghers were in a hurry to turn out something - anything - a.s.a.p. What makes this album so bad is that it was hyped SO much, which left this Oasis fan with a sharp sense of being taken for a ride. Oasis may be the most popular British band, but they aren't the best. Much British talent goes unnoticed overseas (i.e. Silver Sun, the Dandys, Shed Seven, Catatonia, Northern Uproar), and that's a shame! Save your money for something more original than "Be Here Now."
A terrific follow-up to their last album.: I loved Oasis' first US album, What's The Story Morning Glory?, and this was a wonderful follow-up. The music is crisp, fresh, and has catchy melodies that keep you listening. I love Oasis and I love this CD!
Another example of cocaine-fuelled excess: "Be Here Now" does have its moments ("D'You Know What I Mean", "My Big Mouth", "Stand By Me", and "Don't Go Away") along with a few lesser tracks ("All Around The World" and "It's Getting Better Man") and a true dog ("Magic Pie"), but it's just another example of what happens when you're worth $40,000,000, the cocaine supply is never-ending (Noel Gallagher has admitted this and stopped using), and you ask how long a CD is (74 minutes) and you say, "Well, let's fill the <expletive> up".The production is awful. Knobs-up, full stop. Layers and layers of squalling guitars. All hints of subtleness are gone except for the end part of "Don't Go Away". The band still rocks out, but the sound is harsh.I almost gave it three stars because of the decent songs on here, but I've got to deduct one star for the "Phil Spector with hearing damage" style of production. Sorry guys. Find a better producer next time out.
Boring...: The songs in this album are quite boring, only a few good ones. I wouldn't recommend it, get their previous albums instead...
This one amazing album!!!: I like Oasis because their songs are rhythmic and I like the lead singer's voice. All of their songs have a different rhythmic and all songs are really good. There are 12 songs on this album. I like the 4th song " STAND BY ME " because it's really nice when they say ` stand by me, nobody knows the way it's gonna be ` I like these parts!!! And the 8th song " DON'T GO AWAY " is good , too. I found this song is for when something sad has happened to you; It's one of the best song in this album!! So I think this album is fantastic!!!!! I want Oasis to sing many songs.
Thank god we have Oasis!: These album is their best work yet, the songs are an interesting conbination of the songs from the albums they did before. The songs has the basic things from the first record, and the elegancy and sofistication of "What the story morning glory" as well, you will hear more details in these one.These is the band of the 90's...and they will be the band of the 2000's of course, so buy it now. Noel is a tired and true music god.
Top one!! Mad for it: Why do Yankees always put Oasis down eh? They are the Greatest band ever. I live in the same City as they did and I'm listening to their music 24/7 People just get jealous of their success. If anyone agrees or disagrees e-mail me instantly!!!!
You have to know what your doing: This plane takes alot to get off the ground you really have to throw this thing but once its up there your good to go i would recommend to stand on top of hill and throw it so it has more of a chance getting airborne.
Billy Joel My Life single: When I purchased this cd I did not know what to expect. I have been a Billy Joel fan for my whole life. I was very surprised during the first listen. Even though it sounded something like Frank Sinatra would write it still has the Billy Joel feel. Both with the music and timing. As this fan grows older this is a welcome sound. I hope there is more to come. Joseph Leonardi
Great book: Like Eragon...I first watched the movie and really enjoyed it. Afterwards I read the book and realized that the movie was horribly done when compared to the book.I liked all of the character building in the book and thought it had plenty of humor and action. There was no sex and cussing (that I remember) in the book for those that don't like to read that sort of stuff.On a side note...my inner immaturity laughed when the words 'fagged' and 'ejaculated' were used to describe feelings and expressions.Five stars!
Fun Read!: This book was really fun. It was action-packed. The beginning was a little odd, at least to me, but the rest of the story kept me interested.Since it's an older story, it's really great for adults like me who love "old-school" sci-fi. My son wasn't grabbed by it, by the way. So not sure if it's great for kids.
The Gadget is it "Too Good": The Gadget by Paul Zindel is about a thirteen year old Stephen Orr. His Father is a scientist that works for the Goverment in the time period of the 1940's. If you are person who likes history and science this book is perfect. Stephen is a person who i can relate to becasue i know a person just like him. Matt Hadsell. They both like to explore the unknow and discover the undiceded. As my title says "Too Good" thats exactly what this book is, so if you like reading or just want an intersting read, the Gadget is right for you.
wrong book right title: We were trying to get winter of the world by Ken Follet. So when thats avialble I will order it corretly this time. Dave
nice Pitcher: Received the item and it is just like advertised. Purchased it to replace a small frothing pitcher so I can foam milk for more than one cup of coffee.Nice quality pitcher.
excellent: perfect for frothing. well built product. would buyanother in a heartbeat.no more dribbles from a roundedged vessel i was using previously.
Works well, is a bit hard to clean: I've been using the carafe for 3 months, and generally speaking a pleasure to use. it's decently constructed (though by no means heavy duty), and it's lasted so far, even though I'm not gentle on things.My only real complain is that because the carafe narrows at the top, and it's rather tall, it's hard to clean the bottom without a brush.
Frothing Pitcher: Given as a gift today to go with recipients coffee maker.They used it for their guests same day (!) and really likedappreciated the size and quality of the pitcher. It's a perfectsize to give you the option of quantity to make.
The Fall of Reach: This book is very good. The story line is fantastic and I cannot put it down. There is one problem, however. This book was very poorly proofread if proofread at all. There are many grammatical mistakes and other errors that middle school students could eliminate if they had read their work. Nonetheless, I highly recommend The Fall of reach and the rest of the series as long as you are able to overlook certain imperfections.
These books Rock!: Growing up in a military family makes me like the style of these books all the more. They pull you into the Halo universe and you immediately become attached to the characters. Great stories and insight into the award winning game, Halo. After reading it I wanted to play some Halo and kick some Covenant rear!
Typos Galore: I'm almost finished with The Fall of Reach and while I love the story, the editors need to be shot. Wherever there is a word that has the letters "f" and "i" together, they're missing; ie: file is le, and officer is of cer. I think there's a date typo too where it's supposed to be the day after and they didn't change it. It's a little confusing and takes from the read when you have to pause and figure out what's being said. I'll update or comment when I finish the other 2 books, hopefully they're not as bad.
Stop Screaming: Now, I am a HUGE fan of Jack Off Jill, My Ruin, Otep ect... And those chicks can scream. However, the vocalist of Sugarcoma fails to make the music enjoyable with her weak screaming. The singers oj JOJ, MR, Otep ect... Put power behing their music and make it enjoyable. Sugarcoma just makes it annoying. She does have a nice singing voice, and the band is very talented. I think Sugarcoma would be better off if she didnt scream...
A Valuable Gift: When you are at a loss to communicate, much less comfort a friend who has experienced a death, this book can speak for you! Consider giving it as a gift, more personal and more everlasting than flowers. If you have lost a loved one, take this book as your own companion to help you move through your grief. Someone who understands is waiting in this book to support your journey. It will help.
Pass on this one: This book was not what I expected. The author spends much valuable time describing his personal trials and tribulations with the Russian "system" rather than explaining the what, how, where, and gory details of biological warfare. If you are looking for an exciting read, pass on this one...I did read the whole thing and I can guarantee it will put you to sleep every time you pick it up!
THE HUMPER STILL DEFINES (AND REDEFINES) LOVE: If you can get past the cover and inside photos --- a Humper who looks suspiciously surgically streamlined --- you will be for a warm, fuzzy surprise. The Humper still has it: smooth vocals with a blend of country and pop and the softest of rock possible, all showcased with his three-and-a-half octave range. There are covers --- "Volare," "Penny Lane" (perhaps an homage to The Beatles, the group whom he knocked off the charts with his No. 1 hit, "Release Me"), "If Tomorrow Never Comes," "This Guy's in Love With You" and the underrated Aznavour anthem "She." There's an infectious taste of calypso with "Brazil," and a truly likable country-flavored " How Slow We Go," co-written by the Humper's daughter, Louise. The best track is the title track, "Definition of Love" --- proof, indeed, that the man still defines love. Now a bad way to celebrate 35 years in the business of making love on the record.
It was pretty good: I enjoyed the book for the most part and learned some things. However, he seemed to repeat the information a lot (guess repetition is the key to memory). It was to a point that annoyed me though, then again repetition annoys me period. lol. Also, somethings kinda contradicted themselves, but for the most part it was a pretty decent book and I did learn some things and def recommend this vs regular running relying on super thick soles praying the shoe will protect you. Which will! give you more injuries later down the road.
If you run you have to give it a try: I read ChiRunning in Sep 09. It took me 2-3 wks to get the form right while running. I've been ChiRunning since.It's not effortless - my heart rate meter tells me so - though it does feel effortless for a whole minute or two doing medium sprints. I now run 4x a week, an hour or two each time. This is something I'd never been able to do in the past because my knees always started giving problems and I'd have to train on an elliptical afterwards. The knees are fine now. I'm sure Danny wouldn't recommend it, but you can even run on a bad knee with this technique - I ran 10k on a poor knee without much loss of speed.My timing has also improved, though not as much as I'd hoped or expected (hence 4 stars).Enjoy running? You should give it a go.
Not worth the time: I checked this book out from my local La Leche League. I'm surprised they still have this book available. Being nearly twenty years old, maybe some of my problems are with it being outdated. However, my main gripe is that it is very condescending and judgmental. Instead of just informing you on different options (none of which would work for me and only one or so that would apply well to a full time job) this book presents a certain ideal and if the job arrangements do not fit that ideal, they're not good arrangements and you aren't a good mother. If you want helpful, non-opinionated advice, this is not the book for you. Currently I'm reading "The Working Mother's Guide to Life" which seems much more friendly and helpful.
Wha?: I don't get this CD. I listened to it, listened to it again, chased my cat, cheeseyfranks, with a Salisbury steak TV dinner, listened to it again and nope, nothing. It's more average rock by bands that Mark Knopfler should put over his knee and whoop with a copy of Procol Harum's Las Vegas comeback effort. It's junk. Kroll was all about Sparta about 6 months ago before a telemarketer talked him into some psychic network. He now tells me that my oatmeal may jump up and start singing showtunes if my aura is not in line. Anyway, Sparta is a waste of time only Saved by the Bell, the pre school years, can compete with.
take a peak first: A fast read, has some helpful teaching points and very general commentary on japanese society. Seems a bit outdated too, at least my 1992 edition does. A lot of time spent covering things you could easily look up on the web. If you are going to Japan through JET, you will have heard a lot of this stuff by the time you get to Japan. Definitely check this out in a bookstore before buying, probably give it a pass.
Amazing song, great performance, wonderful voices!: Mariah and Whitney are (together with Celine Dion and Aretha Franklin) the greatest singers alive! They really show their voices power in this song, and they made a wonderful job together! Well done, girls! Well done!
Generally good; viewing angle annoying: I agree with most of what the previous reviewer said. What I dislike most is the are extremely narrow viewing angle and the lack of antireflective coating. Otherwise, it is a generally good device.My wish list for the next version includes built-in Wi-Fi and the ability to browse the network neighborhood and pull media files from any machine on the local wireless network, and an internet browser :-)
Doesn't Work!: For all the famous names in this movie, soomething better should have come out of it. It was predictable from the first, and the twists and turns were just silly. They couldn't leave the estate, although one of them managed to arrive from the outside. Just about every one was involved in something illicit, or at least in something strange. Lovers were talked about but not really discussed. The biggest bombshell involving supposed incest was discussed by just two of the eight and nothing was made of it. This movie was just an unrelated bunch of snippets that just doesn't work.
8 BEAUTIFUL WOMEN: During a snowstorm, eight women are stranded in a French country home with the corpse of the murdered family patriarch. Slightly bizarre, low-key French film pokes fun at the comedy murder mystery genre while heralding the feminine mystique of domesticity and dominance. It has the added distinction of breaking into song from each of the eight principal players, a strangely satisfying technique that often delivers touching portraits of womankind. This is as intoxicating as a glass of fine French wine.
The passion for life is ageless: Zorba the greek is a novel that has inspired me since I was a child. Alexis is a man that has this atomic reactor in his body that he cannot control. The coal mine owner, his boss, starts to realize little by little what Zorba is all about. Despite that his worker is not educated he learns a lot about life from him. This kind of novel is the one you do not forget and in my case is present for many situations. Zorba is never let down by failure or tragedy, take your shoes off and dance to the rhytm of life !!
Pretty Good...: I wouldn't go so far as to call it brilliant. Zorba is a refreshing and likeable character, but at times i felt that he was a bit too preachy, his dialogue a bit overly pedantic. The story to me felt a bit too long and choppy, with not much of a plot. But there are a few interesting and beautiful moments that reminds us to enjoy life to the fullest. Like I said, not a brilliant book, but pretty good nonetheless.
buyer BEWARE!: This was the worst pair of headphones I've ever bought, and it was not easy to get the local Bose store to give me a full refund on them despite their advertised "no hassle refund" policy.Terrible sound, poor ergonomics, medicore "noise cancellation"---never again will I buy another Bose product! I should've known better, my husband has a ridiculous Bose Wave radio which he now tells everyone that he "won at a Christmas raffle at the office" because he's too embarassed to confess that he paid half a grand for the thing.My son pointed me towards a pair of Sennheisers which were better in every respect, and at one third of the price.
Great Headphones: I use these for blocking out noise at the office, and then take them home for gaming. They are very versatile and the sound quality is very good. They do a great job of blocking out external noise, that dog barking, that guy in the next cubical that has to yell into his phone, or that guy that has to smack his lips when he's chewing gum. Sometimes its just enough to put them on, flip the power switch and relax, without actually hooking them up to listen to something. I am very comfortable wearing them from 8am to 5pm, while it would be nice if my ears had a little more ventilation, but that would defeat the purpose of the noise canceling.
worst investment: Paid $300.00 for these about 5 years ago. After about 2 years of light use the ear pad vinyl fell apart and the head bar rubber padding became very sticky, comes off on your fingers and gets on everything. The replacement ear pads don't fit into the frame well and come out easily. The overall quality of sound and durability was very disappointing. I found several over-the-ear clip ear phones for under $10.00 to be superior in every way, including comfort, quality stereo, and I can use these cheaper ear phones when I'm sweating/exercising: don't try that with the Bose headphones! The Bose headphones didn't really cancel ambient noise. I don't use them anymore.
Excellent Audio, Poor Physical Construction: I've owned my pair for close to four years now and they are starting to physically deteriorate. The sound quality is excellent, as is the noise canceling. I used these in an office cubicle environment and later in a computer room, and the performance on my iPod is outstanding. But at this point the plastic upright on each earphone has broken and needs to be held together with wire ties, and the rubber cover on one of the ear pieces has worn through. Granted, I use them almost every day, but they don't see rough use - and this isn't the type of endurance I'd expect from a $300 product. The two year warranty isn't long enough to address these issues.UPDATED JANUARY 2009One of the ear pieces finally cracked at the pivot point and simply fell off. When I contacted Boise they did offer to replace them with a new set for $100.
Only one problem with the backgammon set: I purchased a new backgammon set and it arrived in perfect condition. The only problem I had was the black pieces. They were somehow discolored on every one. This problem was not present on the white. Everytime I play it the black pieces bother me. I would like instructions on getting another set of black pieces. I feel that I should not have to pay since this set was not cheap. Please advise.Thanks,Gary H.
hmmm...: Would I recommend it? Yes, but try to get it used. Also I would definitely buy their next in hopes that they may "find themselves" with a more well defined sound. You catch a bit of a sense that they are trying to be the Beastie Boys on another level... they need to just try to be Quarashi but they clearly aren't entirely sure who that is. The first track is by far the best on the album in my opinion, it absolutely rocks but the rest of it doesn't have the teeth that track does. If you like this first track don't buy the whole album for it, the entire album is only 41 minutes.
I think you should read this.: I think it was a very good book, especially if you are interested in Indian crafts or building a bow and arrow.
I own this - so should you...: I'm a professional chef and a big fan of German knives. I like a heavier knife in my hand that I know will do the job all day long that I want it to. This set is amazing and I use it every day. Granted; I have swapped out a few of the garnish instruments for what I prefer to use (hate the zester and the peeler). Turned heads when I first brought it out at work but everyone wants to borrow my knives now due to their superior quality and sharpness. I wanted something other than a tired out knife roll that everyone has and have not regretted a single second of owning this item.
Elli: Coming of Age in the Holocaust: If you are ready for a stark, unrelenting description of life in the ghetto, Auschwitz and Dachau, this book doesn't let up for one sentence. Amazing story and written in a way that is poetic but easy to read. The book is classified as fiction but it is really a memoir, with names changed. There is no way anyone could make this up.
TYPOS, TYPOS, TYPOS!: I'm OK with paying for eBooks. I bought this one, but was so distracted by multiple scan-induced typographical artifacts that I requested (and received) a refund about two-thirds of the way through the book. Free eBooks force me to tolerate some typos, as those books are done by volunteers and not for profit. But, an $8 Kindle Book sold by Amazon should be free of such nuisances. This one wasn't, and I'm basing this review solely on the poor quality of the eBook itself, not the content or theme of this book. It's a shame to hype the Kindle format while simultaneously selling a sub-standard version of that very format!
I didn't think it was that great.: Maybe it was because I didn't know the story of Cupid and Psyche before I read the book- but I was not overly moved by this book. I especially did not enjoy Part II, when I just kept wondering, what the heck is going on??? Thank goodness that Lewis included the summary of the traditional myth at the end- it might be helpful to read this part first.
Don't bother!: I love this group's early feel-good canadian rock n' roll, but I stumbled onto this album in a music store in the mall. With excitement, I sampled all the songs and to my disappointment, I still can't figure out what the hit was suppose to be. It's really terrible so don't bother. Just stick to their old stuff. Their 80's stuff rocks!!
Great for a laugh: If you appreciate the finer aspects of life in rural Southern states, you need to buy this DVD for a good laugh;
Did we see the same movie?: I couldn't wait to see this movie because of so many good reviews. But .... Without having read the reviews or other synopsis', I wouldn't have had a clue what was happening in the movie. There were so many flashbacks in the middle of scenes you never knew where you were. I like Christian Bale,but his fine acting was lost in the fancy editing. And as for Katie Holmes, her acting was like a piece of cardboard. Thank goodness someone loaned me the movie and I didn't have to pay for it. What a disappointment. Sorry, because I know the other reviews are great, but you must have been watching another movie.
Batman Scores A Win: Christian Bale is great as Bruce Wayne and the rest of the crew(Liam Neeson,Michael Caine,Gary Oldman,Morgan Freeman) make this film the best Batman movie yet.The director takes a different course than previous films,Batman Begins is dark and sinister.We see why Bruce Wayne turned to crime fighting.The film is chock full of suspense,action and high tech gadgets.The HD DVD version is a flawless transfer and a worthy addition to your collection.
Best Batman Series!!! Great Beginning!: Best Batman Series!!! This is a great start to a fantastic story line! This gives great detail to the development of the character who becomes the Dark Knight!! A must see film and must see series!
Review Style comment: If you are a batman fan this is the movie to see. We start at Bruce Wayne's beginnings and travel with him as he trains to become the Dark Knight.The script was approved by DC comics and therefore holds more truth to the original story than the "Batman" movies before it. Christian Bale was a really great casting choice as he has the duality to play both the suave Bruce Wayne and the haunted Batman. Micheal Caine, Liam Neeson, and Morgan Freeman played their characters with the great skill that we've come to expect from these legendary actors. Cillian Murphy's portrayal of Dr. Jonathan Crane was amazing and complex. I look forward to the next movie in this remarkable new series.
Batman Begins Blu-ray: Muy buena adquisición, el producto llegó a mi oficina 4 días antes de lo estimado, en excelente estado. Sin duda compraría de nuevo.
A New Batman: I have all the Batman Series of movies and am a comic book fan from way back. I wanted the new take on the character. The movie doesn't disappoint. It goes back and gives a new look at the beginning of the man becoming the character. The cast is well developed as the story progresses and it is a joy to watch the film. This is a more serious Batman than some of the other incarntions. The action is fast and cast is great. I will enjoy this movie over and over.
no batmobile!!!!: -1. it took for ever to get started the whole bring the same fear to your enemies was annoying2.there was a classic batman bad guy3.no batmobile+the plot was good except the 1st half and the special were good could have been a lot better
The Best Batman: As a long time Batman fan (I do use a Batman Comforter), I think that this Batman movie is the best of the lot. While all are fun this one seemed to capture the dark charm of Batman so much better then the others. You get to see Bruce Wayne before Batman and really see that Batman over any other superhero is really just a man trying to make the world a safer place. Now, that I've got that out of my system let me just say that Christian Bale was great. The whole movie had fantastic casting. Katie Holmes wasn't very believable as a strong district atorney and really didn't hold up that well against Bale on the screen. I believe that the moive is interesting enough that even people who are watching the movie simply because it is Batman will love it too.
title for my review.: I rented this movie because i was catching up on the trilogy preparing for DARK KNIGHT RISES!!! This movie was awesome, was really sets up for the next movies. Along with the other two, this movie is a must. Plus because i didnt own the dvd, Amazon was a fantastic alterative, with superb streaming quality!
may be a bit overrated: I actually enjoyed this movie quite a bit, but it may be a touch overrated. Adequate if not good performances by all members of the cast, especially Christian Bale, who comes across as interesting, charismatic, and likeable. The imagery may have been a bit run of the mill compared to a Tim Burton rendering. Nonetheless, the Batman franchise seems to still be alive and well with this latest edition. Author ofAdjust Your Brain: A Practical Theory for Maximizing Mental Health.
Cool movie but NOT "THE BEST EVER": I know you recent movie goers have just come out of the theatre recently. I did too. We're charged up but don't get out of control. Get a Bat-grip on yourself. The BEST Batman movie was the 1989 Tim Burton original. Batman Returns comes next and Batman Begins is somewhere around there. The Schumacher ones,while not being superb, still have their moments.The Batsuit did make Bale look sometimes like FATman. The Batarangs were rusty looking and not cool enough. I like the action sequences and how the story circled on fear. The early training stuff seemed to go a little too fast.All in all, Batman Begins is a good movie. I just think people need to think twice before they label Bale better than Keaton. HEEEELLL NOO!!! :O
batman begins: batman begins is the best movie of 2005!christine bale stares in this movie and hedid a wonderful job doing it!this movie is about how bruce wayne turns to batman.he trains to be a ninja in asia and then founds that gotham city is flooded over with crimanels.so bruce wayne has to turn into batman to kill his very first villan, the scarcrow who could destroy poeples minds into panik!this movie is awsome!
Very Good: Very entertaining. Good quality Blu-Ray for the theatrical version. HAve not yet explored the special features.
I'm not sure why this movie got good reviews: I'm not sure why this movie has gotten good reviews. It was not good. The dialog was awful, the plot ridiculous (we have to destroy it in order to save it). I wish Liam would stop taking on mentor roles.The final scene was physically impossible (swinging under the train as it was moving. just ask yourself how he swung past the pylons that held the rail up)
Best Batman movie until Dark Knight came out.: Batman Begins was such a relief for Batman fans. Finally we have a movie that is worth braggin about and has taken the franchise in a great new direction. This one is definitely the 2nd best Batman movie to date.. and I say that because The Dark Knight was just so damn good. Even if you're not a "superhero" movie fan, you'll like this one. This takes away the "supernatural/superhero" aspects of other comic movies, and turns it more realistic. Highly Recommend.
It's below average.: It contains a lot of action. However, it does not appeal to me. The acting is not engaging. I don't feel related to the plot. I prefer Spiderman 2.
a good batman in long time: i saw this movie this past summer it,s a good movie it,s better than other two batman movies batman forever and batman and robin. this movie got something right as far the comic goes theJoker did n,t kill bruce pranets keaton did a better job as batman mr bale played a good batman this movie. Has Minor actor in it a good saga review 7/10
This movie was never that good.,: I also do not know why they bothered with this limited edition gift set. The extra disk does nothing except waste your time.
Batman Begins: It was a gift for my nephew for Christmas. It came in great shape and even included a comic book!
It has been said before but bears repeating, Best Batman Yet!: Christan Bale as a young Bruce Wayne/Batman is a much needed reinvention of the Batman movie franchise. He has amazing screen presence and makes you believe that he is the Dark Knight. I was impressed how naturally he jumped into the role and made it his own.The story is tight and easy to follow. The cinematography is beautiful, especially the parts filmed in Iceland. Big sweeping shots of snow covered mountains and raggedy buildings lining the slopes. Just fabulous.The 2 disc DVD set is spectacular. The video transfer is almost perfect and there are plenty of extras for the rabid Batman fan. The compilation comic book is a very nice addition. I would recommend this set to anybody.
Would Not Recommend this Toy: My 2 year old son received this toy as a gift. Although he somewhat enjoys playing with it, I was seriously disappointed with the functionality of the click bricks.First, the click bricks don't 'stick' together well. If you pick up two joined sections or try to reposition them they fall apart -- very frustrating for a 2 year old!! I think the magnets are way too weak. Some of the magnets don't work at all!Second, you can't really build much of anything with the pieces in this set. They have some neat pictures of built projects on the box, but good luck recreating them!I would absolutely not recommend this toy. My son has MUCH more fun playing with his Mega Blocks and with his basic wooden alphabet blocks. Hope this review is helpful to you!
Sounds like a good idea, but....: I bought this toy for my son for Christmas. I had bought some of the "trucks" and wanted him to have Bob and Wendy too. I found this set and thought it would be great. They ONLY good thing about this set is that he has Bob and Wendy.The clicking blocks sound like a great concept, but they don't work. If you can get them to click you are lucky. You can not build anything with this set. The box shows a house, buildings, etc., but you can't build these thing because the magnets are in the wrong places and the roofs make the whole thing top heavy!I would avoid this set unless you just really need Bob and Wendy (like us).
Could be better: I've had this windshield mount for a few months now, and while it works, I can't really say that I would recommend it to anyone else.As the other review said, it shakes quite a bit while driving. However, that is bearable compared to the real problem--the pivot head is just not very sturdy. Hitting the smallest bumps on the road, or even just turning, could cause the pivot head to swivel, leaving your PSP in a slanted position.The pivot head swivels while driving whether or not I have the PSP docked in the windshield mount, so it's not an issue of weight. I end up having to adjust its position every few minutes, which is not exactly the safest thing to have to do while driving.
Disappointing: Firstly, I found this cream to have an odd smell to it. Secondly, it moisturizes well but not as well as I had anticipated and hoped.This product was disappointing and I do not plan on repurchasing. There are other products from NeoStrata that I love but this definitely is not one of them!
Crystal clear production and interesting arrangements.: I really like this album and I think the intent of the musician is somewhat more involved than the lyrics would have you believe. I think he is railing against the church and how it has distorted and destroyed whatever purity there was about the early Christian movement.Musically, the horror film samples work well next to the distorted vocals. The synths sound fantastic and the percussion has a nice amount of grainy distortion added so that the tracks are rarely boring, if at all - they pound, scream and soar through the average sonic boundary.I agree with Virus mag's review in that this album is not the most original thing out there, but the concept of the album is interesting and keeps it all pieced together. There's nothing bad about this album per se, but nothing really grabs my attention as being too exciting in terms of originality.Nevertheless, a good album for fans of dark electro/industrial/terror EBM.
Athletic Director: GoFit Vest great to work with regarding ease of putting it on and especially the velco straps to hold it together. We use it in spiking and agility drills for volleyball. It still allows the arm and shoulder to be used effectively and we really like the weight distributed in the front rather than on the shoulders or back. Highly recommend!!
Weighted walking vest: I really like this product..i've been using it for walking the bridges and the parks and have just started using it for jogging...and i have seen results already...it's funny too when you take it off it feels like you instantly lost 10 lbs...the only thing is that its kinda bulky so you really can't wear it under clothes, you just have to grin and WEAR it...at first i felt silly but, who cares i'm doing this for me and i feel better already!!
GoFit 10 lb walking vest: This was a really good investment. I use it during some of my aerobic exercise dvds and I walk/jog/run with it on. The only negative is that you can't wear it on the outside of your clothing, because it looks like a bulletproof vest and then there are a lot of eyes staring at you. So, I decided to wear it under my clothing, it is a little bulky but it isn't so bad. I highly recommend it for someone who is new to to the vest. It is economical and it will serve the purpose of helping toGoFit 10-Pound Walking Vest with Removable Water Bottle Holdershed those pounds.
GoFit walking vest: This vest was just as described and the fit was great. It has wide shoulders so the comfort is good. Since I had never used a walking vest, I wanted to start out as recommended with lighter than 10 pounds so removed some of the weights. These were not so easy to get out of the pouches but that means they are securely held in place. I am well pleased with this GoFit walking vest.
Pretty: These are very pretty but I did not use them on my tree since they look more hot pink than red. In a few years as I add more colors to my tree I will have them.
Hard To Heat: I love Bodysense products.They stay hot for a long time. I use them in my massage practice as hot packs. The smell is great and it lasts quite awhile. The only thing is as large as it is you need a big microwave to heat it. I wind up folding it then it stops roatating so I have to stop and adjust it. UGH it is a pain. Haven't figured out how to arrange so it heats evenly. Otherwise I love it.
Great product.: I was hesitant to buy this for my new MacBook Pro, but I'm glad I did. I took a little getting used to, but it fits very well over the keys with minimal typing interference. It's not completely transparent so it does cloud the key symbols a little bit, but not enough to make them unreadable in normal light or when the backlighting is on. I don't have any problems with it sticking to the screen (I have the regular, not glossy screen) when the cover is closed. This is cheap insurance for your computer. Liquid spills into the keyboard of a laptop computer are a disaster. The repair will be very expensive and will not be covered under warranty.
great save for my Mac from my toddler !: This little slipcover for my keyboard has saved the day for our family! I feel safe leaving my 3 year old alone with his drinks watching my laptop now that he understands to keep the keyboard protector on. Really frees me up and helps me not worry about him ruining my computer so much anymore. It would be even better if the edges were sticky enough to hold the cover on more securely, but as is gives me much peace of mind. I think everyone should have one of these!
Chirstian "Death" Metal: Yes my friends of this great indstry, this is one of theworld's finest albums of the decade 1990. For so long metalhas been classified in a devilish class of its own. But to bringlight in this world of maddness, this group does indeed bring"spiritual healing" in there heavenly "dark" sound! this groupdoes not exist anymore, so anything that you buy of this bandis a collector's piece! Don't delay on the purchase of this foryou will miss out on a treat. If you are in to dark and evilsounds, but do go to church, you need to get this gift fromGOD, for this is your album filled with the truth. If you arethe other guy, still don't miss out on some good music!!Big Nutt
Excellent Value: Got these to put in my camper, great for a low watt system. I am surprised at the bass response in these little speakers. I wouldn't put them in a high power system (they are rated at 75 watt) but for a low watt system they sound very good and look great too.
STRUGGLE OF WOMEN: I was disappointed in this book. I am searching for a book that is equally as awesome as 'A Virtuous Woman', but it looks like Kaye Gibbons isn't going to give it to us. In this book the women are survivors because they have to be. I was disappointed in the cold, compassionless character of Charlie Kate. Her character shined through her words and actions: beneath that arrogant surface lay a very insecure, unsatisfied, unfulfilled, and angry person. I can understand why she didn't have a man: who would want her? Her hatred of men, I think, was more of a jealousy. She had no compassion, so she tried to make up for it in her 'intelligence' and 'literacy'. She tried to hide behind those midwife skills. Although the book was long, it was shallow and I expected a deeper plot.
Charms for the Easy Life: gibbons weaves a compelling, influencial novel about three generations of women and the lives they lived and their impact on one another. detailed first person through Margaret birch's eye, this story tells of margarget's coming of age during world war 2. the book tells of margaret's mother (who constantly strives to be young and stylish and concequently is quite irresponsible)and her grandmother (a self-proclaimed doctor who always seems to have the right answer as well as unconditoinal love for her grand daughter) with whom she lives. in a dramatic ending, margaret realized that she has to move on from her sheltered home-life and must learn to face the world on her own two feet.
The best feel-good look at life I've read!: I couldn't help comparing this novel to The Book of Ruth. Like Ruth, it is an intriguing look at the life of a girl growing up, and the influence of family members on this growth. But, unlike Ruth, this book is positive. This book is uplifting. This book is a joy to read. This book is about intelligence, wit and love. This is a book I'd like to write! Pick this one up-then pass it along
Dean -- Send me your address: Dean -- Love the book -- especially the pictures of Gavin and me -- but you know that. To anyone else who reads this: Dean knows whereof he speaks: He's a good hiker and builds a good, environmentally sensitive campfire. Hope you don't mind my using this avenue to try to get your e-mail address.
No happy ending here--be warned!!: ****MAJOR SPOILER****DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW****Before I invested time watching this, I wish I had found a review saying there was a death of a major character at the end. I wouldn't have bothered, it wasn't that good anyway. Maybe this review will save someone. Giving it 2 stars because I've seen abyssal films that only deserve 1-star, and this is not that bad.
probably the best movie ever: this was a random movie I picked out on Netflix to watch and I am so glad I did. I laughed, I cried, I know it sounds cliche, but what an amazing love story. Such a great message.
Loved: I caught this movie today on LMN, when I was channel surfing. Unfortunately I missed the first 25 minutes. I tried not to let Kent Moran distract me from the plot, but he's gorgeous. He's a screenwriter, musician and actor huh? Not just a pretty face. Anyways, back to the movie... It was a movie about real people, that I could relate to. I'm buying this so I can see what I missed.
'Listen To Your Heart' -- directed by Matt Thompson: Great movie filmed in New York, directed by Matt Thompson and written by Kent Moran. Scenes were filmed with the 'Red Cam' so it feels like you're right there with the actors. It's a great story about a high society deaf girl (controlled by her mother) and an ordinary 'Joe' (who works for a living) who fall in love. His dream is music and so is hers, even though she can't hear. Make sure to have your tissue ready for it will tug at your heart and the tears will come.It has won many awards in the film festivals throughout the US, one which was 'Best Director' at the Beverly Hills Film Festival.It's another Love Story movie worth watching.
An OK Book: This is an ok book. It is action packed and holds your attention. I think that the main charecter, Dick Shelton, is a lot like many people today even though the book takes place in Medieval times. Dick did not know that he was fighting for his enemy Sir Daniel, the man who had killed his father. I think this is one of the best historical fiction books that I have ever read. I hope that you will like it as much as I did.
NOT ONE OF HIS BEST: When comparing Stevenson's major works, this book just doesn't compare. It's wooden, stilted and written in the voice of Northern UK's speech.
Transitions: I am an avid fan of DM, and will do the best job at being objective about their work. Although, I think this album is great and it has many quintessential DM songs, there are some songs that I often skip over. These songs are definitely not my favorites, but I think mostly that they just don't appeal to me in the context of this album. This is why I label this "transitions". I love all periods of DM, but I notice this one seems to be one that incorporates the earlier "new wave" feeling of previous albums but also ushers in the darker era of DM. I tend to prefer the darker DM, but appreciate the earlier work especially if not simultaneously. If you are even a slight fan of their work, you will enjoy this album.
trash: This cd blows nothing worth listening to. Really sucks the big unit. One of there worst cds.thank you very muchyour welcome
Unhappy....Constantly Turns Off: Very disappointed with this amp. It has an auto shut off, which is a cool feature. However it randomly shuts off while in use. VERY frustrating.
Simple Amp: This amp does what it is supposed to do. Only thing I wasn't aware of was that the AB speaker switches don't allow output to go to both speakers at the same time. Maybe this was in the write up but if so I missed it.
Too noisy: An annoying amount of hum and hiss comes from my speakers. The noise is still there without any inputs to the amplifier and it increases as I turn up the volume knob.
Just what I was looking for....: Great AMP for the speakers in my garage and Lanai.....Sounds great and easy to useSimple is good...plus the price is right!
Works very well: I have a whole-house sound entertainment system, which includes a pair of speakers in the dining room, a pair of speakers in the living room, and a pair of speakers in the bedroom. I have a AirportExpress connected directly to this unit, and it has no problem powering all six pairs of in-ceiling speakers. In fact, this unit is so powerful, I cannot turn the volume up beyond the midpoint because I fear that my windows will break. An excellent product for the price.Note: This unit has a single RCA output, so make sure you use a splitter if you intend to connect multiple pairs of speakers to this amplifier.
Horrible Audio, No Teaching: These other reviewers are kidding you.There are significant problems with this dvd.1. The audio on this dvd is horrible. It sounds like they are talking and singing through a tube. I could have done better in my garage.2. The tracks are: all the singing and stories in english, or the same program in Mandarin. There is no teaching whatsoever.I realize there are not many dvd's for teaching children Mandarin, however there are a few better than this.
Not good unless you have a good knowledge of math: I'm not a math cripple but I will admit that I have not always been that great when it comes to math. I have recently grown a hunger for science in general, ( including mathematics of course) and thought I should look for a book to help me grasp math from another perspective. I actually read many of the pages in the book and while I did understand the first couple pages , I found myself lost as I continue reading. As another reviewer mentioned , this is not a book for the layman. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who is not that good at math. I guess I'll just keep looking elsewhere to find books on the subject that will help me on my journey to become better at math.
low budget cheap 90's film of pregnancy: 3 or 4 college buds all court the same row captain and then she becomes pregnant///focuses all around the bar and their goofiness...when word comes out she has a kid, they all rush, not knowing who is the dad and they all step up - but it is pretty playful and not realistic.
Great Shorts for work or play: I have bought about 6 pairs of this short. They are very confortable and wear very well. I'm pretty hard on them because I wear them for work. The hold up very well, good purchase.
A compelling Biblical story: This Biblical fiction is a great introduction to the story of King Hezekiah. The characters have depth and I am eager to read the next book in the series.
Gods and Kings: Chronicles of the Kings # was a great introduction to the series. I gained a different insight into the History
God's and Kings: Chronicles of the Kings #1: This was a great book to read. I had a hard time putting it down! Can not wait to read the next one!
History in action: I love history - especially Biblical history and this book uses the information in the Bible and then builds on that information with researched information to make it come alive. It seemed like a long book at the start but it ended too soon.
It send be back to the Word: Loved the connection not only with history and the Bible but also with Lynn's interpretation of the characters. Made me want to seek out the Word in the Kings and Chronicles. Anything that leads us to the Lord has to be great.
Did Nothing: I have no idea what all these reviews for this brand of dieters tea are talking about. I followed the directions nothing happened. Brewed a stronger cup-still nothing.Even measured out the water to 6oz and let the tea bag seep for five minutes-nothing just stronger tasting tea. On the box it tells you not to drink more than 1 cup in a 24 hour period- I drank three the other day not even thinking about it and nothing happened! Just tasted like cranberry tea and nothing else. Strange.
did nothing: I got the tea fast, and followed the instructions, only drinking 1/2 cup, which had no effect on my system, it taste pretty good though.
Cossotto and Kraus are Favorites: Sometimes one forgets the great singers of but a few years ago. This 1971 performance recording, made in Tokyo, though visually a bit dark, is acoustically sparkling with the singers' joy with Donizetti's music. He would surely loudly applaud this effort. Both Fiorenza Cossotto and Alfredo Kraus are at their peak. To say nothing of Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi in supporting roles. This opera, unfortunately, is often overlooked for the better known Donizetti works. Well worth enjoying as the music is grand, the arias are among his finest and the ballet a treat to see.
Just Plain Awful: The first and second Robocop films were great. I loved the over-the-top action and humor elements in both films.Robocop 3 is a pure, unadulterated disaster. First off, it is way too tame (a PG-13 rating??!!). Second, the "plot" is completely ruined by the introduction of the "cute little kid who is a computer whiz" character, what a travesty! Third, the movie is actually boring; a boring Robocop movie! I could go on and on, but why bother.They dare to put this garbage on DVD?
Junk: When a movie has dialogue like, "I thought your ninja was supposed to take care of RoboCop!", it ain't gonna be Citizen Kane. It won't even be a good RoboCop movie. But if you must indulge, look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies. Yes, I said look for the strings holding up RoboCop when he flies.
Excellent Stories, So-So Analysis: I enjoyed all but one of the 11 stories in this book from 1927 to 2002. Even though I didn't enjoy Pamela Zoline's "The Heat Death of the Universe" I can see why it is an important story to include in this collection of some of the science fiction that can be seen as feminist. "seen as feminist" here is the key I think especially when you look at the essays paired with each story. A few of the essays were spot on -- looked at the author and the story in their historical context. Others rambled between sharing previous scholarship and trying to find multiple readings of the material one of which was a feminist interpretation. The 11 stories are intense and moving, challenging the reader while entertaining. I loved that they were organized chronologically because I could see a flow and development of the feminist voice. I wish a concluding essay had tied them all together to bring this out more.
POOR ATTEMPT FOR A ROCK ALBUM: EVERYTHING ABOUT ALBUM MAKES ME WANNA GRAB A GUN AND SHOOT MYSELF. THAT'S HOW BAD IT IS. IT'S LACKS EMOTION, AND IT SOUNDS FORCED. LIKE THEY ARE TRYING TO HARD TO SPREAD THE WORD INSTEAD OF TRYING TO MAKE GOOD MUSIC. EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS CD IS SO GENERIC, SO DULL, SO PREDICTABLE. ONLY A MORON WOULD THINK THIS IS A WORTH WHILE CD TO LISTEN TOO.
I'm mesmerized!: This book is so mesmerizing! Try "Perla at the Mexican Border..." (p. 41):Her job was to sort through the eyes/ of dolls. Snapping hollow limbs/ into plastic torsos had been a soothing task/ for Perla, like arranging the peas into the pod/Beautiful imagery in very simple moments. Gonzalez doesn't take anything for granted. Small moments become big ones. This is exemplary poetry. I recommend this to everyone I know!!! The NPS made a great choice!
The Train Delivers!: Originally I purchased this book because my Granddaughter's name is Sophia and I know how little ones enjoy stories that include their name. But I would purchase this book for a little one just because it is a good book. The pictures are bright and bold, the text right at the level of a preschooler AND it opens up to display a long train! A fun book to read together!
ohh god, its those Troma freaks again!: I must say that, even for Troma, this one was pretty bad. A plane crash leaves tourists stranded on a tropical island that happens to be the home base of a group of nasty terrorists. Now, think Troma: how would YOU work with this plot? Needless to say, there are MANY dead before it ends. I thought there was a limit to the amount of blood and guts one could put into a movie (and smear on a woman's breasts) untill I saw "War". The movie is rather low quality, not like some of the newer Troma releases, but if you like classic Troma, it dosn't get any more classic than this. Not one for the kiddies!
recommended for all beginners: There is a little detective in all of us, but in most cases one wouldn't know where to begin. If you are curious about possible existence of paranormal phenomenon this book gives you that place to start. Whether a skeptic,a believer,this book gives the information needed to begin simple investigations in a manner that is easy to understand. For someone who hasn't had years of experience in the paranormal, or criminal investigation some of the books available can be intimidating. Mr Southalls book however makes you feel that doing your own investigation is within abilities. This book is not perfect, but it give an excellent starting point for the novice to begin investigating from.
It's OK, in places poorly written: A very basic book, seems to be a promotional tool for certain tours, if this type of book is your first read it will serve a purpose.
The best heart and key pendant set ever!!!!!!!: Absolutely one of the most beautiful little necklaces around. Get it and you will get lots of compliments on how nice it is. I was so happy that I purchased it.I had been looking for over three years for the perfect heart and key set, and this is it. Very nice weight and size and very expensive looking.Trust me if you get it or give it, you'll be pleased.
Impossible to read: The print is so incredibly small that I couldn't even finish reading it (I am in my early 30's with perfect vision and do not use glasses). Seemed like a cute story if only the format was better.
Superb seller and wonderful product: Date: 11/28/2008 (I bought this for Christmas 2008)My brother-in-law had wanted a Clint Eastwood Poncho for a long time but the ones I saw were pretty expensive. Then I saw this one on Amazon. Not only was the price right, but the look and quality are great! The seller notified me immediately that the item was on backorder, but it ended up arriving sooner than expected. Superb seller and wonderful product!
Everyday Creative: 30 Ways to Wake Up Your Inner Artist: I really liked the cards. I teach a class in creativity and I was able to give them to individual students to encourage their creative growth.
Distasteful dystopia.: Tittle the "ethicist" (more like elitist) puts her faith in Eugenics. Welcome to Nazi Germany for the 21st century.She proposes the development of a contraceptive vaccination universally administered to children at puberty, the antidote only given following an individual's licensing by the government. Now logically, the inevitable illegal pregnancies would have to be halted by abortion. Forced government abortions. China, anyone? Or at the very least, ripping babies from the arms of "unsuitable" mothers and awarding them to more correct ones. Fascist Argentina in the 1970s?Wonder why so many copies of her book are available for sale used? Hmmm. Remainder table. Should have aborted the book.
Not So Scary Anymore: I remember being about 10 or 11 years old and being frightened out of my mind by the scary Bjork lady dancing around on a truck on MTV. Sufficet to say, I couldn't understand why she was getting rave reviews. A coupla years later I saw her on Jay Leno singing a big-band song and loved it. The screaming was a little odd for me, but I recanted and bought the single to "It's Oh So Quiet." Can you say, "Excellent"? I immediately went out and purchased this CD, "Post" and was blown away at how awesome it is! There are so many good songs on here, it is definitley a CD everyone should own. Don't miss it! And by the way, Bjork being scary just makes her oh so much more appealing, wouldn't you say?
Not a true CD Audio or DVD Audio Disc: I'm a big bjork fan - I'm also a big fan of the higher fidelity DVD Audio format and remastered CD sound (although some remasters are atrocious) - so I thought this disc was a great buy.However I wasn't pleased to find that the CD Audio side won't play in the car or on the computer as it's not recognized as a CD Audio disc (apparently not uncommon with Dual Discs) - just as frustrating is the lack of true DVD-Audio using MLP (Meridian Lossless) which is superior to the Dolby and DTS surround sound provided here. Interestingly my computer was happy to read the DVD side but reports the surround sound as 48/24 for both Dolby and DTS not the 96/24 claimed. If you are looking for the superior audio you thought this disc offered - then you'll need to be happy playing it on your DVD player only. Disappointing. I already own the videos on DVD - so I haven't taken that into consideration in this review.
Missing most of the play!: This version of the play is MISSING Acts III and IV.Act IV, Scene ii contains some of the most famous lines of Shakespeare: "Fear no more the heat of the sun ..." So, if you need this play, are crunched for time, and need it to supplement a research paper on stream-of-consciousness and Mrs. Dalloway ... I would definitely GET ANOTHER VERSION!Thanks a lot for the complete rip off.
duplicate dvd: This is the same dvd that I had previously purchased with a different cover. I will keep it because I like the workout and the previous dvd skips in places.
Different: This cd was alot different than waiter. The first track is the next eight put together. Long ambiant phases between dark synth driven songs, much more digital than the pervious album. his vice is possibly better in this cd, definatly worth the ep price
Do not buy: I have been buying these before (from Microcenter). They are very cheap and I thought it was a very good deal. Particularly their 2600mAh for 5 bucks! But...Cons:-Of all the NiMh batteries I tried. This has the most number of failures. Some just dies. Some would hold very low charges after just a few cycles.-It is bigger in circumference compared to other batteries. Which will not fit some of my cameras and gadgets.-Exterior is made of paper and gets easily smashed, deformed.Pros:-Price. but for this kind of quality... not worth it.Also: With all the new low discharge batteries flooding the market (Eneloops, Rayovacs, Duracell, Kodak, etc.) There is no longer any reason to buy this kind of batteries. Even this company is now manufacturing their own Hybrio.
Boring Book: I picked this book up thinking it would be good (yes, I judge books by the covers). It was awful...I am not sure why I even kept reading it all the way through. There is no action or anything. He and his brother are poor, his brother gets girls (he doesn't)...boring..boring. I don't even know what the author was trying to communicate with the audience. If you don't want to waste your time, don't read this book.
Not too powerful, but pretty fun to shoot.: If you want to shoot bbs at your room mate indoors, this is definitely the way to go. Has a ridiculous rate of fire, which is faster than the Pulse M74, but it is also weaker than the Pulse M74. The hopper doesn't hold as many bbs as it should, however (~70).
Ew!: Every recipe I have tried thus far has been either 1) bland or 2) outright disgusting. I need to throw this book away before I waste more time and money on disastrous recipes.Silken Chocolate pie: NastyBlack Bean Dip: TastelessSkinny Dip: I cant believe this is considered food.One plus is that it inspired some great dishes. Since I don't eat eggs, high protein breakfasts are hard to come by. I made a tofu veggie casserole (not following the book's recipe, but rather the general concept) and it came out wonderful...but all in all this book has been a waste of money- beyond the purchase and shipping costs.
not enough calories: This looked great at first... but then I started looking at the calorie counts for most of the dishes. Most of the Main Dishes have less than 200 calories, some have less than 100. I don't have time to cook and eat 8-10 meals per day.
Too Bad they broke up: These guys really are great. Too bad they broke up before they could really big. they're big but i mean REALLY big. I'm planning on buying this album once i'm not broke. I've litened to thier free mp3s on mp3.com and they are really good. I look forward to the purchasing of this album.
A great book for everyone: I didn't think anger was a real problem for me until I got married and some things I thought to be essential needs weren't being met by my spouse. This book has shown me some powerful principles on how to understand and deal with my anger constructively rather than destructively.
this is a christian based religious agenda book: It's a trick ! unless you have a religious outlook don't buy this book ! Just got it today and it sneaks in all sorts of nonsense.
not a christian and can't use it in my work.: this book is for christians and i am not a christian. i cannot use this in my work as it is illegal for me to foster christian beliefs on my residential clients. i was very disappointed in it as it was noted nowhere it was christian based. i feel ripped off.
Ahhhhhhhh!: This back brush is what I have been looking for for a long time. others I have tried were too soft or were of sponge material that deteriorated quickly or fell off the handle. This one is a good, stiff, scrubbing brush that can get to all those places on my back that I cannot reach.I recommend this to anyone who wants to feel clean and scrubbed.
Big Minus: This item is too short besides being too small. It doesn't fit well at all. At least it didn't cost too much.
Bloody Awful: I found this novel to be cumbersome and uninspiring. There was not one likable character. I wanted to take Frances by the shoulders and shake some sense into her.
Typical rightwing garbage: The book pretty much presents itself the opposite of what it claims to be about. How can you just expect teenagers to avoid the dangers if you don't allow them to be well educated about it. Remember the "Just say no" program that was supposed to bring down drug addiction? Well, telling teenagers simply not to do it only encouraged more of the same and it's certainly no different when it comes to sex. No wonder the Bible belt has higher cases of teen pregnancy for following Dobson's pathetic advice whereas the West coast and the Northeast have far lower numbers and percentages of teen pregnancy by providing sex education to students. If you're going to read this book, be warned that the author is just another rightwing special interest hack.
Preparing for adolescence: It was so true! And definitely helpful. Teenagers will find encouragement because someone took the time to explain all those confusing changes they go through.
Rational Anti-mysticism: Healthy debunking: Islamic Mysticism: A Secular Perspective by Ibn Al-Rawandi (Prometheus Books) Any believer needs to fairly read some debunking views of one's beliefs. First it is always important to know other points of view, even if they do not persuade or even tend to subvert the truth of the positions one holds as true and life-saving. This book offers a critique of the Sufi path of transformation by a former seeker who feels there is serious deception and self-deception on the spiritual path and it is better to be rational and consistent in one's views than to seek fantastical delusions. Now such a position is unlikely to appeal to the mystic but if one wants to mature in one's mysticism one should give such nay-sayers a careful hearing, concede their good points and carefully critique the limitations of their point of view. Otherwise perhaps such rationalists are correct and such pursuits are bunk.
Scholarly, critical analysis of Islamic religion & history.: Rawandi contends that reliable sources undermine the classical account of Islam and Sufism, and his study seeks to rectify this imbalance through studying the philosophy of religion and traditionalists to provide a new, critical analysis of Islam. Readers already well versed in Islamic religion and history will find this a scholarly, detailed probe.
Utter drivel: What a piece of derivative garbage. 311 already made this album and made it better years ago. Give up now and focus on the homework, kids. This music is taking to straight to the unemployment line.
I was expecting different: The music is too loud for me but I will send to to friend like that type of stuff
LOVE IT!: This is an amazing little pot. It brews fast, no leaking and the coffee tastes great!! I have been using it for 3 months now and no problems so I got my mom one and she loves it!! Great for those days when you only want a little coffee.
It's heat plate grows rusty within few month.: Two years ago, I brought it and like it. I drink coffee in the morning, so only used it only once a day. Few month after I brought it, its heat plate started growing rusty. I continuely used it for additional six month when the 50% heat plate was rusted. I thought it was an incidence, so I threw it away and brought the same model again. Nine month late, 20% heat plate is rusted.... This time I don't think it is a incidence again.
Ionic Breeze Review: I bought this product for the girlfriend, who happens to be be a smoker. Her car always smelled really bad, abviously. I purchased this to try and curb the smell and surprisingly, despite the small size of this product it works very well. Keeps the car smelling fresh even after being smoked in.
Funny and smart: These guys are really a good match together. So funny and fun to watch with the family. I wish it had the Thin man, which for some reason I thought this had. But I ended up getting the Thin man collection later anyways.
I know I'm biased but..........: This is a beautifully presented box set of Powell & Loy which gives youan insight to films they made together other than the "Thin Man" seriesthe clarity of the discs and the sound quality surprised me consideringthe films age.As for the actors I would buy a film of Powell and Loy shopping inWal-Mart i'm that easily pleased, but if you want to see the golden ageof Hollywood and a mixture of drama and screwball comedy at its bestthen look no further
Run, Do Not Hide: While this book didn't scare me, I found it laughable and largely useless for the majority of twin-carrying women who like and trust their obgyns, believe that pain is generally to be avoided, and are actually comforted by the fact that institutions such as hospitals exist. Also, I found the book highly offensive in that it strongly suggested that miscarriage in twin pregnancies is caused by a mother's doubts about carrying twins. Gee, what a wonderful guilt trip to impose on a grieving mother...
depressing and scary: I read this book while I was pregnant with my twin daughters and found it incredibly depressing and scary. It was filled with morbid quotes from parents who had a bad outcome, along the lines of, "when not even one of the triplets lived, I went out and got drunk," and seemed to dwell on every possible problem and complication to the point that I was quite stressed and anxious when in fact, my twins were born naturally, five days before the predicted due date, had none of the complications this horrible book made me worry about, and were in excellent health. In fact, I so dislike the book that I go out of my way to warn expectant parents of twins to avoid it. In addition, the dietary advice is ridiculous and it's impossible for even a hearty eater to consume the massive amounts of food this writer claims are necessary to having a healthy baby. So, unless you like being scared, I recommend against buying this book.
Disappointing romance: Writer uses the war as filler while trying to pass off child molesting as romance. Couple doesn't get together until the end of the book. Big disappointment and some mistakes with Civil War history.
Ideal Weight: After having numerous store-bought scales, always thinking, Geez, I don't weigh that much or WOW,I lost a few,only to find out the scale was the culprit. The adjusting wheel would only "Zero" the dial, and not correct the problem. The Detecto "physicians scale"Detecto 437 Balance Beam Doctor/Physician Scale, 400 lbs, Made in the USAis just what I was looking for. After an easy assembly and adjustment I checked the accuracy by putting various weights on the platform, from 25#s to 250#s and it was "right on". I wish I would have bought this sooner, and it's "Made in the USA" !!!!
Dennis back on form: Passion Street is a cracking single from former Dr Hook vocalist Dennis Locorriere. The close harmony backing vocals & Dennis's spoken intro instantly remind you of the "old band" while retaining a fresh, crisp sound. Well wort checking out (as is the album).
Disco Queen: Queen loved to experiment. Every time they released a new song, I would hear it and say (in delight), "Is that Queen?" However, this album abandoned all that was Rock and Roll and gave into the pop craze of disco that can only be classified as the dark ages in pop music. The only bright spot from this album was "Under Pressure." Thankfully, they pulled out of it to cement themselves as one of the greatest rock bands of all time.
A colorful and vivid album, just like the&#65279; 80s ! !: Queen played in 1982 with new sounds; The result was an entertaining record, however much called die hard fans criticized it.
Wonderful Collection: I had enough of a balance on a gift card for one CD. After listening to samples of selections from Liona Boyd, Ana Vidovic, Susan Isbin and Martha Masters, I came across this one. I listed to the samples over and over and finally ordered it, largely because I liked the sounds of the duet. Once I received the CD and played the selections all the way through, I think I made the right choice. This is a superb collection. These two ladies brilliantly blend melodies and harmonies, with a little dissonance thrown in here and there.I've had it for a few months now and it's still as fresh as when I first listened to it. You know sometimes when you get a new CD, you're hyped up on it and listen to it over and over, but then after a while it takes its place amongst the rest of your collection? Not this one for me. Whenever I need to wind down, this is the one I listen to and I haven't grown tired of it yet.
Wires and Wood: Saw them at an outdoor concert and they were great. This is a good cd even if you do not care that much for bluegrass you will like this.
good stuff: As a huge fan of Buffy-only the original novels, though, this whole 'series' was actually pretty good. I may still like the gatekeepers trilogy better, but hey, each of these 4 books were only 2.99 or so, and they don't take long to read. Worth a look .
what a waste: My poor son was so eager to play with this toy after receiving it for his birthday. But he was quickly disappointed. The tank was too heavy when filled with water and the straps would not adjust enough to fit on him (we had to rig the straps). The tube would come out of the tank when i tried to pump the tank. Which I had to pump repeatedly. Was not a toy that he could play with on his own, someone had to be present to constantly pump it. Was just as disappointed with another spiderman blaster. They need to change the age range on these toys to 18 and up!
I don't think nephew ever played with it.: I don't remember ever seeing my nephews play with this toy.I'm sure I didn't pay much for it but the excitement for this toy didn't last too long after the initial opening on Christmas eve.
Really needs an AC adapter: See the reviews for the AUA-1422 - a similar item with one extra 1394 port. Adaptec has some crazy requirements for a power supply (12V, 2.1A), and used to offer one that fit them through their store, but apparently no longer do! Without the adapter, this unit is only usable for items that draw almost no power through the USB or 1394 connection - which is a shame, because the Adaptec 1394 implementation was always the most stable on my machines. Look for one that includes an AC adapter or some other way of bringing power to the unit instead.
Better than I remember: Grab a teen and watch it with them if you've got one around.Saw it awhile ago, wasn't that impressed. Teenaged Daughter wanted to watch it, so I sat with her and enjoyed it more this time.Thought provoking, and a conversation starter.
Sixteen-and active: Keir Gilchrist, an impressive kid actor of kid movies, had grown up as well as his character-a sixteen year old sex-experimenting pupil who had checked himself into psycho ward to cure from depression with a single pill only.It is surely a deep-meaningful work for viewers M15+, of a kind of such a medicine and a world in and outside the nut house screened.
Sweet story: Great story of a teenager who spends a week in a mental health ward makes new friends and changes his life.
ugly lighting, poor cast, trite story: I could not finish this mess...everyone in it should be embarrassed kind of a very poor production , story and cast!
Slow Paced and Dragging: Slow paced and dragging this story could have been told in a better way. Even those with mental illness are not so lackluster. I was grateful for fast forward.
IZ: Fun if you have a young male child that isnt into the music... it fart and burps and makes annoying noises during the music. not the toy for me but i think little boys would find it funny (but i do see it getting old quick)
Disappointing: I give this collection of sonatas only two stars because the way they were recorded only allows two fifths of them to play on my Bose. I returned them once, received a quick replacement - the same. Most of them have to be played in the car. Also, I believe Barenboim plays some of the sonatas too fast - just because he can.
Loud fast, heavy, yet unbelievably catchy...: I first heard of these guys in a short article of Guitar World and later found this CD at a music show for pretty cheap and decided to pick it up. While the songs are very heavy complete with loud vocals, humorous lyrics, heavy fast power chords, and screaming solos, what do you expect from a 90's punk band? NP proves to the world, that they play what they want to and not what the public wants to hear. Their live shows sound very interesting complete with a fire-breathing bassist and crazy stage antics. If you like it loud and fast, give this one a try! You gotta love the cover too, heh.
Excellent sauce whisk: I love this sauce whisk. It's comfortable to hold while whisking and easy to clean. I highly reccomend getting one for yourself.
R. Kelly is still on top!: R. Kelly is still on top! TP-2.com consists of 19 blazin tracks, some of my favorite tracks are Fiesta, Just Like A Real Freak, I Wish, I Wish (remix), Strip For You, Greatest Sex, Feelin on Yo Booty, I Mean, I Don't Mean it, All I Want, Just Like That The Storm is Over Now, this track is no doubt the best song on the album, this song is tight! and many other tracks are good too. If don't have this album, get out there and get it. If you don't like slow R&B don't get this but if u do I would recommend this for you. I saw R. Kelly in concert and he is awesome, he keeps droppin those platinum hits for his fans. Get this album right now! ... peace
freak come out at night: r kelly goes back to his freaky roots on this one, if you wanna hear kelly talk about oral sex for the millionith time please get this, if you love bump-n-grind, 12 play and classic kelly then this is especially for you. fellas, ladies you better protection on this.
Once again R kelly has done it.......but did we want him to.: R kelly's carrer is full of contradictions. On one song he's singing about how good GOD is, then the next song he's Feeling on ya Boody. R kelly has so much potential to be a respectful artist. But if he continues on the corse he is now, the qualtiy of his character will continue to be decline along with his music.
best r&b album of the year: I was never much of an r and b fan till i heard this album. R. Kelly is an amazing artist and this is his best work yet. There are very few album where i can listen to every song from start to finish but this is one of them. If you have any doubts about getting this album BUY IT. you wont regret it.
great understanding to helping yourself: this will help you to under stand life and your own self needs and how to listen to your inter soul if you follow your owen heart. it has helped me to see thing a little different.
Amazing!: Love this book, it's the first time in my life that I am meditating daily! The exercises are great, the pace that you work through the book is excellent. Sonia really knows what she's talking about, very real and grounded, practical and useful advice. I am getting this book for a few close friends for gifts!
Phenomenal Reading Material! Lots of Fun: I'm naturally a huge fan of Jeff Corwin and his work to help nature and its inhabitants is very much needed these days. He does a wonderful job in putting you in the locale that he is in. Vivid descriptions and his natural mix of humor makes this an excellent book for any reading enthusiast. Great photos included. Definetely worth adding to your collection. You'll have lots of fun reading it!
Interesting and fun read!: Jeff Corwin is an amazing man who has many adventures to share. His love for animals shines in every word he writes.
Great Children's Story: The Precious Moments Stories are great.We like to keep them in our home to share with childrenthat come to visit ~ we enjoy watching them over and over again as well.
Good Alertative HIstory.......: An oft time time spooky alternative history of a world where the Cuban Missile Crisis ended in war.The story of a newpaper reporter while in the process of reporting on just another murder stumbles across clues to the biggest secret known. There are those that will pay any price to keep him from unraveling the truth.
Resurection Day: How many of other readers purchased this book and got to page 277 and found the pages blank to 477? The store it was purchased at was going to just exchange it however in review of the 5 they had in stock, all had the same blank pages. The store then refunded my money. The book was great up until then.
Purrfect: These shoes are a little high price wise, but you can't beat the convenience. Right at your doorstep and back into childhood for just a few extra dollars. No brainer. Will be back for more.
Really nice shoes: These are good shoes. They have a classic look and the monochrome look adds a nice little something something. A good, safe buy.
red converse: Converse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Plaid Hi SneakerGreat shoes at a great price! My daughter loves them :)
Size is off: I love these shoes and have owned many Chuck Taylor Converse shoes for 30 years. I did forget that when getting this shoe I must order a size smaller than my regular shoe size. This can be frustrating when ordering shoes online, so don't forget to order 1size down :)
Not for me: I'm accustomed to Dansko, Sanita, and Allegria shoes, which are all very comfortable, but require a break in period. I'm ok with that. But these never seemed to get broken in. Maybe my feet are just used to soles on my regular brands. I'm on my feet 9 hours a day, on concrete, walking around and up and down stairs, for several miles a day, sometimes with long periods standing (I'm an adult-education instructor). I have heard so many great things about chucks and really wanted a different shoe I could wear from time to time, and was hoping these would be it. I wear a 10 (40) in women's and the 8.5 chucks fit my foot well (thankful I read the other reviews and knew what size to order) but they just aren't the shoe for me.
awesome shoes.: awesome shoes. what can i say. look great with pants, jeans, khakis. whatever. versatile, durable, sylish. you won't regret this purchase. maybe run a half size bigger than my size. but it's iffy.
Linen Chef Jacket: This chef coat is very, very large (I ordered a med.) if you are a ladies size 16 or larger this may fit you -- but the coat has no shaping whatsoever -- so you will look like a big marshmallow (mine is white) -- also, where the collar meets at the neck has a very large space -- which is not traditional and looks very odd. The fabric quality is OK, which for the price is not so great. Perhaps this was cut for men, but the buttons and fabric would make it too girly. This coat design needs to be amended and shaped and the overlap (where the buttons cross over) needs to be re-thought as the fabric hangs down and bunches under the coat -- so the bottom hem is not 'clean' -- it needs a button underneeth or something to stop that from happening.
One of the greatest plays in English Literature: I have read this play and also performed the part of Joan on stage many times. Shaw's play brings the soul of Joan to life. A girl with no formal education - defeated the English, won a crown for a king, and was tried and burned as a witch - dead at or under the age of 23. No wonder she was made a saint. The story would almost be a horrible fairy tale, if it wasn't true.
Gorgeous music gorgeously played: I will not usually recommend a mono CD unless there is no other version of the work in question or the performance is superlative. Well, there are many recent CDs filled with "the antique music," but none bear up so well as the Amadeus reissue of the 1961 <Instrumental Music of 1600> (AMD 7007) as performed by the Concentus Musicus Wien under Nikolaus Harnoncourt, the man who was one of the pioneers of "period instruments" in recordings. Here we have 23 cuts of music from France (du Tertre, du Caurroy), England (Holborne, Morley, Tomkins, Cooper, Bevin), Germany (Sommer, Posch, Scheidt), and Italy (Cabrielli, Gumai, Massaino), all of which is available elsewhere and perhaps some of which is played as well and in better sound. I will deduct a rating-point, however, for its short running time of 46 minutes. But all in all, this is gorgeous music gorgeously played.
If you read only 1 book about the death penalty, read this!: This well-written book examines virtually all arguments regarding the death penalty. In addition to exposing current practices, Just Revenge also puts the death penalty in an historical context. Its inevitable conclusion, as it demolishes every well-cherished but incorrect justification for the death penalty (with the exception of a clause in the 5th Amendment) , is that the only thing proponents have left on their side is indeed just revenge. Mark Costanzo's own opinion is clear virtually from the start, but he backs it up with fact after devastating fact. If you want to learn more about the death penalty, this is an excellent place to begin. It is also a useful reference book as it is chock-full of statistics and anecdotes.
Great but: These caps are hard to find. Being a deputy sheriff it is a necessary item to have. I have put it to good. Use and found it to be recognizable and protective. Best yet, the price was reasonable for a quality product.
good: Thank you, this item was exactly what I wanted it to be. It is a good purchase on my part. thanks!
hate it: I have been reading this book in my intro to native american studies.. and I hate it... I feel it give the wrong image towards northwest native history...
doesn't work: I bought this book for my kindle touch but it won't download! I really wanted to read it because it sounded interesting. Sincerely , Your Would Have Been Customer
WHAT A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT: I had heard that Kim was one of the best books of all time. Had to wait 2 months for library to acquire it.Have never been so disappointed in anything. Cults, voodoo, spells, magic, demonic activity, caste system, blasphemy, abuse, violence, superstition, humanism (worship of certain humans), depression, ... UGH!!WHAT A WASTE OF TIME!! DON'T BOTHER READING THIS.
The only Dagliesh book I do not like: I am a huge fan of PD James and Adam Dagliesh, but this book just did not work for me. The characters were unappealing, the plot was unbelievable. I normally love mysteries that are slow-paced and build to a climax, and normally you can count on PD James for this type of mystery, but not this time. The book was boring, by the end I found myself wishing I hadn't wasted my time. It was so disappointing.
One of the finest movies I have had the pleasure of viewing: This is a movie to take the kids to and the grandparents as well. As heartwarming and real as anything I have seen. Living near Cincinnati, I was curious as to the locale shots, but most seem to be on the money. The book Freak The Mighty this was taken from is just as interesting and entertaining. One of the few movies to do justice to a book
Lousy: "Crocodile Rock" is surely one of the most annoying tunes ever to hit the radio, and it is the main hit on this album. OK, "Daniel" was also a hit, and is tolerable, but the rest of this album reeks. Elton John is vastly overrated.
My first and favorite!: This was the first Elton John album I bought and it remains to this day my favorite. Yes, I had a vinyl album, and for some reason never moved to the cassette or CD. After buying this CD and singing along once again, I realized that it did indeed stand the test of time. Elton's melodies and piano-playing and Bernie Taupin's lyrics stand out. I know that "Honky Chateau" is considered by many to be a finer effort, but I just like every song on "Don't Shoot Me". In fact, several of the songs that weren't released as singles seem to me stronger efforts.
Sadly inaccurate: The historical accuracy of this book is sadly lacking.If you don't think the Confederacy (and therefore its symbol) was built on racism and slavery, read the Cornerstone Speech of Alexander Stephens, the Vice President of the Confederate States here: http://teachingamericanhistory.org/library/index.asp?documentprint=76 .According to Stephens himself on March, 21, 1861, "The new constitution has put at rest, forever, all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institution - African slavery as it exists amongst us - the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization. This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution."
horse treats: Colorful and the horse loved all of them! Nice small package for travel. It was wonderful to have them so small for a horse on a diet but rewarding for the horse. Each piece is imprinted which is way cute.
First Class: A first class performance by a great lady. For anyone who's never listened to Classical or Opera before then Leontyne Price is well worth listening to.
Intelligent and Challenging: This is one of books most interesting and challenging books I've ever read. It is enjoyable and the writing style is wonderful. However, the ideas are what I most enjoyed. Whether you agree or disagree with Lenin, this book is an important marker in modern political analysis. Personally, I loved it and find myself returning to it often for clarity and inspiration.
Boring , Obvious and predictable: I was very disappointed with this listenandlive title. All the advice and tips are so obvious and just statements of common sense. In fact many things seem contrived and the advice given does not seem practical at all. A lot of it is obsolete like the chapter about emails.
Another fine tale from McMurtry: I laughed and I cried. Now that he's read the book, my 62 year old husband calls me Karla and I call him Duane. We just follow McMurtry around like Shorty. About anything he writes is o.k. with us.
Keep another McMurtry novel on hand after this one.: After reading All My Friends are Going to be Strangers, I wanted to read more of McMurtry. Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of westerns and didn't know much about any of his other novels. I chose Duane's Depressed after reading the back cover, and was incredibly impressed. I especially enjoyed the beginning chapters and the dialogue of the children. But I thought the novel faltered after the death of Karla, and the reasons for his not becoming involved with Honor were unusual and questionable. I also wondered why he desired to see Egypt, of all places. All in all, a wonderful novel, and I will continue to read McMurtry and follow Danny Deck in the sequels to All My Friends, but I was disappointed with the ending to this novel.
Read Everything Else First: Lonesome Dove is one of my favorite books of all time and I have enjoyed all of his other books (Terms of Endearment, Comanche Moon, Buffalo Girls, Anything for Billy, Streets of Laredo, etc) however I had trouble finishing Duane's Depressed. The first half of the book rolled along but the second half became unbearably slow. I felt like I was reading a character study by James Joyce.This book did not have the memorable characters characteristic of McMurtry novels. Imagine Lonesome Dove being a character study of Woodrow Call, it certainly would not win a Pulitzer. Maybe I prefer the Lonesome Dove saga better. I still recommend this book to those who love the Texasville series but for first time Larry McMurtry readers, try reading Lonesome Dove or Terms of Endearment before you read this book.
Best Sounding Speakers For The Bucks: These speakers can't be beat for the price! The lows,mids, and highs all come thru with nice clarity. I use these in my living room for DVD's, CD's and the TV cable signal audio. I'd recommendthese speakers for anyone looking for good quality sound at a low price. Nice job KLH!!!!
the duality of business and politics explained: A timely book for the current election, Jacobs describes the complementary, yet different systems that humans have devised for the political and commercial spheres.Using a conversational format among a set of characters, the duality is made clear, revealing the opposing rules for each. It serves as a cautionary tale for anyone who wishes to cross over from one to another: beware, what worked previously will precisely not work in the next!
Great ideas!!: I bought this book for my Masters class and absolutely love it. It has so many great ideas in it for teachers and parents. I think all preschool, pre-k and kindergarten teachers should own this book. Its very easy to read and even has pictures!!!
Heartbeats and Heartaches: This is a biography based on actual account typify of most intellectual Chinese from PRC. From nationalism, to communism many scholars endured difficult times couping with constant political unrests and made the most of their lifes. Professor Qin kept most of the difficult times to her self and moved on with her family. Those with great tolerance accept what was given and try to move on... An excellent book highly recommended.
Be My Valentine: Be My Valentine is a fast, sassy time travel romance set in contemporary New Zealand and Port Royal, the "Sin City" of Jamaica, in the year 1692. I liked the characters and the setting, which includes a shipwreck - waking up surrounded by pirates on a deserted island; and the interesting plot made it a really good read.
durn burn it Paw....: Dad-blame goodun' we made. And it is now on this new-fangled CD technology! ggjaskgsk Stop messin' with my keyboard, Joe, or I'll tell Hopsing that you been bad.
A review for GREGG's Shorthand: Dictation and Transcription: This book is great and all, the only problem is, you have to make sure you know the words in shorthand already. This book doesn't waste any time and goes straight to the transcription, but that may not be so good for new users. Other than that, this book is great and really goes indepth with the way to transcipt your shorthand notes.
Very well written: One of the best as far as romance novels. Very well written with a very moving plot. Basically, the hero and heroine meet briefly before the hero suffers what seems to be a hemorrhagic stroke and loses his ability to speak and form words. The heroine is the only one to help him, even when everyone else has given him up to the insane asylum.
Mixed Feelings: This book could have been a great story and had the potential to be a real keeper to read over and over again. The premise was fantastic. However, the book just dragged on and on. The hero of the story, The Duke of Jervaulx, was excellently portrayed. You could easily feel his pain when he is forced into an asylum for the insane. However, the book's heroin, Maddy, was a bit out of control. A devout Quaker, she was torn between the life she always knew and the life with the Duke. While I really liked most of the characters, she just annoyed me to no end. Could she be more indecisive? The book eventually lacked closure with the secondary characters (the blind father and the former mistress) and should have resolved the books main issue of the Duke losing everything or not. For a 532-page book, it should have tied things up a bit neater instead of just the "love conquers all" typical ending.
A++++: This is from a mother. Im not crazy about Disney movies. But I saw this on TV and I was hooked. I couldn't leave the TV. Its sweet, has great messages, wonderful acting and a lots of fun music. This was a wonderful movie. I would buy this in a second.
pretty good, but dont buy it yet!: theres probably going to be a 2-disc edition available in october or november, but im just saying that because high school musical released on 1-disc dvd and everyone bought it, and then it came out on 2-disc dvd a few monthes later.
Not great: It does not matter how evenly you attempt to apply this product, you will end up with streaks. Thank goodness I decided to start with my legs...at least I can wear jeans until the stuff wears off.
Doesn't do the job: I just purchased these towlettes based on multiple positive reviews. I had used L'Oreal's towlettes before and liked them, but everyone seemed to think these Comodynes were better. THEY ARE NOT. They don't smell bad, are easy to use, BUT they don't make you tanner! I have a dance competition coming up and now have to run out and try to find the L'Oreal product locally. Bottom line? Don't waste your money. Use L'Oreal's towlettes instead.L'Oreal Sublime Bronze Self-Tanning Towelettes . - Medium Natural Tan
Horrible Machine and customer service: After having this elliiptical trainer for several months I must say I am very dissapointed with this product and this company. After a month there was a problem with one of the pedals. I called the service line because it is under warranty and the company never answers calls. I was "on hold" waiting for the next availbale operator for over an hour. I finally decided to give up and leave a message and an operator did not get back to me two days! Finally after another week Merit did send a technician. The problem was fixed for about a month until the same problem reoccurred. I called Merit again, waited days for a call back, only to be told that my machine is no longer under warranty and would have to pay for all further repairs.This company has no customer service and their products are substandard.
Small Wagon: This is good for a toy only, very small and the handle is short. I was hoping my two and a half year old grand daughter could use it as a wagon to pull her dolls in but the handle was too short even for her. It is sturdy but not good for use as something for the kids to easily tow things in
Perfect Little Red Wagon for Toddlers: My 11 month old boy loved a simliar small little red wagon at my mom's house. He had been walking for about a month, and was already pulling it around her house whenever we were there. It was still a little too big for him to manage. I was so exited to find this one for him. It is the perfect size for a toddler. I bought it for his first birthday, and it is one of his favorite toys!
jlblake2001: Very cute and well made toy. Use it for your doll collectibles, or other fun display ideas like a plan holder. Love the idea of putting in a garden bed with plants.
Very short handle: I bought this as a gift for my almost 18 month old nephew for Christmas. The handle was so short that when he tried to pull it even with his arm down all the way, the front wheels came off the ground. I was very disappointed. My son had a Radio Flyer wagon like this when he was almost 2 and the handle was different and longer.
Not a toy: I ordered for my nephew who is under two thinking he could put toys in it and pull them around in the wagon. But when I got the wagon I realized it is a item that would work for a basket or to decorate the yard if there were no neighbor kids around. It is not a toy. I am dissappointed as I was looking at the Radio flyer name since my son had a radio flyer when he was a kid maybe it would be a fun toy. It is not a toy even though it comes up under that heading. It belongs in home and garden. I am returning this one to Amazon.
Didn't do it for me: After hearing the debut album from Fischer's latest project Triptkon I thought wow I have to check out that Apollyon Sun side project and see what that was all about. I was psyched to find it for a mere two bits brand new from one of Amazon's Marketplace Sellers. I must admit I am glad that is all I paid for it. It just sounds like a poor White Zombie album to me. I think that Celtic Frost (especially the last line up) was top notch and Triptykon has a great future I believe. I know that this was a side project of Tom's and he admitted it was different from his normal style. I gave this one the 40 minute elliptical trainer test on my ITouch at the gym and it didn't keep me pumped although I still finished! I know some reviewers mentioned NIN and other bands that I have heard that this does sound more like and I realized I don't like those bands so I guess it's no surprise I didn't like this one either.
Hmm.. Another Stupid Comedy Behind The Mind of Spy Kids: Yeah... since there's not much to say except it stinks... um.. here's a deleted scene.Kid: They're real!Teacher: No, they're fake!Kid: They're real!Teacher: No, they're fake!Kid: They're real![Some guy with a shark fin breaks through the window.)Guy With Fin: Sorry to wreck the scene, guys! But, this fin is in my skin! AGGHH!!!(Guy with fin dies.)Kid: See, they're real!Teacher: Aw, man. I lost my deal.By the way, that scene is better than the whole movie combined.LOCAL EVIL MONKEY
didnt receive it: I did not receive the product. They do seem like they want to help me find it. They gave me a tracking number. But it didnt locate the package so i am awaiting there response
SharkBoy/LavaGirl in 3-D: This 3-D adventure is truly for children, from the imaginations of children. The special features on the disk include an interview with the father of these children, the producer of the movie. He explained how they worked on the possibilities together, exploring ideas & creating fantasy as they went along to come up with The Adventures.The 3-D glasses (4 pair) that come with the DVD add to the enjoyment of the viewers by adding an interactive element. At certain points throughout the movie the audience is instructed to "Put on the Glasses". When the 3-D portion ends the audience is then instructed to "Remove the Glasses". This interactive feature, as well as The Adventures themselves, keep the kid-crowd glued to the screen.
Possibly the WORST movie ever made!: I have four kids and usually wouldn't make the time to write one of these reviews, but this movie stunk so bad I felt the need to warn people!!! I spent the first half of the film waiting for some sort of plot to develop,and then I spent the second half of the film wishing it would end. Sharkboy doesn't say much in the movie at all except to unexpectedly yell at lava girl from time to time although they're supposed to be working together. Lava girl is an airhead and without any strong caharacters, and no real plot the movie seems to go in circles and circles and then finally has mercy on all of us viewers and ends. The 3-d was a great idea but I left with the feeling that some producers wanted to make a 3-d film and didn't bother actually writing a storyline before the actors started the movie. Do not subject yourself to this movie under any circumstanes!!!!
Don't we have more respect for kids than this?: This is the worst acting in a children's movie that I have EVER seen. Nothing matter with the basic idea of the fanciful plot, but everything about the movie, from special effects to horrible acting, makes it the worst of filmmaking EVER. Skip it.
unbox turned to crap: I hate to say it but unbox has turned to crap! I still have not viewed this movie. It will not download. It goes to que? whatever it is then nothing. I have no problems downloading the free stuff from Amazon so I dont understand why the paid rentals dont work right.
this movie made me cringed & twitch to the max: bad acting bad storytelling bad everything i wish this movie was never made i strongly disliked this movie it seriously was a waste of time and money to make god this movie is terrible seriously terrible and i thought my movies were bad but this movie takes the cake and just ruins my childhood foreverSurvivor's Quest (Star Wars)Star Wars: Fool's Bargain (Novella)Heir to the Empire (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 1)Dark Force Rising (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Book 2)The Last Command (Star Wars: The Thrawn Trilogy, Vol. 3)Specter of the Past (Star Wars: The Hand of Thrawn #1)Vision of the Future (Star Wars: The Hand of Thrawn, Book 2)Allegiance (Star Wars)Star Wars: Choices of OneOutbound Flight (Star Wars)
Gift for my Great Nephew in Texas: This was a gift for my Great Nephew, who lives in Texas. I purchased it from my home in Missouri. He loves the movie & was very excited that I bought it for him. I would recommend this to everyone.
Excellent for kids: My kids love this movie. I have a toddler & an elementary student. When they are allowed to watch it, they watch it over and over until they fall asleep. I had to limit their movie time because they only wanted to watch this movie and nothing else. They have been watching this movie since it originally came out. They still love it. If I need to clean up or make them stay settled for a while, I put on this movie and they do not move!
The movie was gay!: Good god I didn't like it. I thought it would be cool but it wasn't. The special effects are really corny and dumb. You didn't miss out anything on the 3D because I didn't see anything realistic with it. My advice don't waste your money on this. I'm 13 years old and if I were 8 I would probably like it but now that I'm 13 I think it's the dumbest movie ever. Spy Kids was okay but this was stupid. Please do not see it!
product is awaful!: I orered both catridges and the color cartridge was not recognised and the black smeared as it printed. They sent me two new ones and the black cartridge ran out of ink after just a few pages. Dont watse your money
Really Inspiring!: I hadn't even hit the stories yet, but reading the beginning of the book already had me motivated! It really has great ideas on putting your plans to action, and even making those little ideas in your head seem like they can be reality. Definitely makes you think "why can't I?" Suggest this book for anyone, it really helped me get my mind going again when I was lost and down in the dumps about where my life was going.
CAN YOU GIVE 1000 STARS?: I've just listened to MAY THE MUSIC NEVER END--it's breathtaking, matchless, perfect. 5 stars aren't enough and it's priceless. Buy it NOW! May her music never end...
Simply works: The only thing they could improve on with this simple ceiling fan switch is to provide the buyer with a chain instead of a string to extend the length.
Ultra French Femmes: One might say that this collection is a little heavy on covers of English hits like Paint it Black and Nights in White Satin but that is part of its allure. I would take Marie Laforet over Mick Jagger any day and Patricia's Nights in White Satin would make any breathing human melt like butter on a French Riviera beach. Like any great compilation, this collection is a springboard into the world of 1960's Femme French Pop. The obvious is here with Brigitte Bardot but then there is also Jacqueline Taieb, the previously mentioned Marie Laforet and the Chinese/French Tiny Yong which will leave you begging for more, and more there is if you seek them out. The last track on the CD, La Pritemps a Paris by Jacqueline Taeb is unspeakably gorgeous and is worth the price of the CD in itself. Combined with novelty tracks like Dracula by Christine Pilzer this is a complete, precious introduction to 60's French Pop.
Really Enjoyed it!: This was a wonderful read on poetry, and I especially enjoyed the creative imagery, the recognition of the meaning and value of work and the subtle weaving metaphors as the author worked to uncover the underlying truths of all of our lives.
Disappointing PC interface/software: The device works well enough, but I am disappointed it is not a continual feed, and some of the info must be dug out from several menu layers.The primary disappointment for me is that the units requires a SERIAL port to communicate with a PC. A SERIAL PORT? What is this 1985? Come on guys - get to the age of USB - or even better - wireless. Serial port? You must be joking.Even worse - the directions specifically say that it WILL NOT WORK WITH A SERIAL TO USB ADAPTER - and I have found that to be correct.The software leaves much to be desired as well.If I were to do it again... I wouldn't
Love it Love it Love it: My daughter loves this, she is six months old and we've had it for three weeks now and she is not tired of it. I put it in the kitchen and it is great while I am fixing dinner. She likes the sounds and can play with all of the toys herself without help. She can even turn the pages of the "book" and I had thought that would be too difficult. I completely recommend this product
Faulty leg causing distress for my baby: I purchased this item for my 6 month old baby and she loved it. It was entertaining for her and kept her busy as she turned herself to play with other items. Then about 2 weeks after buying it, one of the legs began to pop out and cause my baby to become unstable. We now constantly have to pop the leg back into place and it causes much distress for my baby. She will be playing fine and then the legs pops out and she loses her balance and becomes very unhappy. Unless I can get another leg that doesn't pop out, I doubt we will be using this much longer.
Fantastic Entertainer: My daughter started enjoying this around 4-1/2 months though she was too little to touch the ground and some of the toys at that time. However as she has grown...so too has she begun to realize all this toy has to offer. She particularly loves the animal sounds and songs. Her favorite is "Old McDonald Had a Farm" and she looks at me every time it plays because I sing it to her. She gets a real kick out of that and that...is pricess!
You can do better: I am a first time mom and loved the baby einstein line. This is a great product - sturdy, good-looking, but there are better products out there. I own this one, but my mom bought one for her house that has so many better features. My daughter got bored with these toys FAST. And lets face it, they get dirty. Evenflo has removable and REPLACABLE toys. You can get new ones. And this Baby Einstein one needs the baby to be pretty tall to start using it. Evenflo starts much lower for shorter babies and it lets them jump a little too - something kids love to do. Good product, but better ones out there for less money
Best purchase ever!!!!: We bought this exersaucer when our little guy was barely able to sit upright because we needed a break! We had no idea how much he would love it! He plays with the musical animal buttons like a maniac, he looks like he is conducting his own personal orchestra. Without a doubt, the best baby purchase we have ever made. I'd pay twice the price.
Keep them entertained!: I bought this for my grandaughter when she was about 5 or 6 months old. Once she learned to turn the seat it really kept her occupied. She liked the music best and would hit it over and over and over! It is very secure and you don't have to worry about them turning over. Of course I like it because it isn't like a walker giving them the opportunity to get into something or pull something over on them. We carried it from room to room. She likes to watch TV in it and it is also a great entertainer when washing dishes. I found nothing about it that I would change. Great item.
IMPOSSIBLE to clean.. paint chpped, unsanitary: Why in the world would you make a toy for babies to slobber on that is impossible to clean! I just spent 15 minutes trying to get the seat cover off, finally did, but I am not looking forward to getting it back on. And some of the toys are permanently mounted, and yet they have plush features that I can't just wipe clean. Also, other reviews are correct--the paint does chip off the hard plastic pieces, specifically the arch of balls.The evenflo exersaucer (which I also have...) is much preferable. Pieces snap out for cleaning, and no paint chips!
A classic 'pop' album!: East 17 are quite easily the best pop ever. Forget, the Backstreet boys, Britney or any of that nonsense. This is actually good music. It is cheesy, but it is cheesy in the kind of way you dont mind people knowing you own this album. Because it is just that superb.It is much better thought out, and just generally alot catchier than any of the music in the charts these days. The songs are incredibly, the catchy straight-up pop of Steam, Hold My Body Tigh, Deep and Around The World, will have you hooked. The absolute stormers are House of Love, It's Alright and Let It Rain, those 3 you can't just have playing in the background, you have to listen! Most of the songs are upbeat hits which you can dance to. But the real gem ballad 'stay another day', is their biggest hit and shows you that east 17 are worthy in the vocal department.If you ever thought of buying this album, do not hesitate, if you are a pop fan and never heard of them, get it now!
The Spontantous Fulfillment of Desire: I didn't care for the method of presentation. Monotone!! I felt like I had to Work to hard to get what could have been verbalized with a easier approach. Deepak moves through "Some" material way to fast and seemed to come to a almost deadening halt going through Why the hand bones connected to the wrist bone, which is connected to the arm bone, etc....To each his own, but I found This one to have Way to much info that I still am wondering why it was in there?? I Gave my Cd's away. I recommend "Ask and It Is Given-Part 1 (at least) by Esther & Jerry Hicks for The Law of Attraction.
Great protection and good git: This is my second time purchasing this product. My first purchase was almost five years ago and I while my first one is tattered from literally daily use. It still dose the job. I had no issue in purchasing another because I know it works. It also saves my MacBook from all sorts of physical abuse going in and out of my bag and just general travel. In some ways this product will extend the life of your laptop because it will keep it looking like new even long after its not.
Missed the mark: Best Tracks: Pound of Prevention, Jenny and the Tower, Just The Way That It WasThis was my second purchase of a Vance Gilbert album. His voice and style still shine on this album, but it left me saying 'ehh'. It's not terrible, it's just not his best effort. It, for the most part, just didn't speak to me.Maybe it's just where I am, or where Vance was...Maybe 2 and a half stars
Adventures in Paradise (and Love): In my opinion, this is Minnie's best album. She moved from the the jazz-folk-R&B style on "Perfect Angel" to a more soulful-funky-jazz-latin flavor on "Adventures in Paradise". This album is HOT and sexy. Her passion for love and life really shines on this album. On this album, Minnie shows us the different sides to love...with the ultra sexy "Inside My Love" and the funky "When It Comes Down to It", and the sad "Alone On Brewster Bay". While I LOVE her song writing, its her voice that moves me. Many of today's singer should follow her example.
How long it's been....: Back in 1991, I was in a Newbury Comics in Framingham Massachusetts, and they had these guys playing on the store stereo, and I liked them immediately! I bought the disk and still like them to this day. They were a talented funky alternative rock band that had tons of talent, and they had cool lyrics to boot. Rockin', funky, good sounding fun!
Kevin Sorbo's best performance ever!: Without question,Kevin Sorbo gave his best performance ever in this story of a preacher torn between his faith and his desire for vengence after losing his wife & daughter at the hands of a greedy landbaron's henchmen. This movie will remind you of many of Clint Eastwood's westerns,most notably Pale Rider. As the Preacher grapples with his decision,into his life comes Maggie,a former saloon girl and her young daughter,Amelia. They remind him of what he lost and through the goodness he sees in them,he begins to see the goodness in himself. A wonderful movie for anyone who loves a good western. The dvd extras(an interview w/Sorbo and a featurette on the making of the General Store scene)are wonderful and the packaging is very nice. The only complaint I would have is the lack of deleted scenes,which would have put a new dynamic on the relationship between Maggie & The Preacher. However,that is a minor thing and overall,I absolutely love this movie!
Constant Double bass drum.: DO NOT touch this album if you can't take an almost constant double bass drum throughout almost all the songs. It's exhausting. It's uncreative. It's boring. I don't know if it is good or bad, i can't manage to hear the album, not with the constant couble bass drum there... they should invent some filter fot that... jesus...
Black Cat Bones - 'Barbed Wire Sandwich' (See For Miles): London based blues rock band's sole album - originally released in 1970. Tracks here that manage to stand out a bit are "Death Valley Blues", "Feeling Good", the foot-stomper "Coming Back", "Sylvester's Blues" and the well-played seven-minute "Good Looking Woman". Line-up: Brian Short - vocals, Rod Price (Foghat, R.I.P.) - guitar, Stu Brooks (Leaf Hound) - bass, Derek Brooks - rhythm guitar and Phil Lenoir (Steve Peregrine Took's Shagrat) - drums. Ideal for long time fans of Savoy Brown, Foghat, Leaf Hound, Free, Johnny Winter and possibly Cream. Note to collectors and die hard fans: read somewhere this title was reissued by a Japanese label, complete with paper sleeve and a highly-collectible Obi-strip.
Rousing, historically-based tale of English in India: Wonderful, rousing, and educational - you have to read this with a bookmark in the footnotes section, and you'll probably enjoy doing so - the historical research Fraser does is astounding, and exposes much of the hypocrisy of John Company's stay in "Indja".
Great camera... once i read the manual.: I love this camera i feel like it has changed the way i look at digital photography. I recieved the camera and it was broken but theres always something. That was taken care of in no time. I read the never ending novel of a manual and was shortly after I was having fun and taking photo quality images this camera is for everyone it is easy to use and gives professional results. there is a feature for every thing zoom, macro lenz, five flashes, rapid shooting and more this camera is a great value its equivliant in other brands is twice the cost. Serial port downloads are quick and high in quality I reccomend that you do not waste money on a floppy adapter or usb downloader unless you use a imac,G3,or G4. Software bundle is a great collection and has everything you need. Im glad I went with Olympus.
Mystery for Beginners With Nothing To Do: Harsh, yes. Honest, very. I read the prior reviews and then bought the book anxious to find another great author. What I found was boredom and frustration, some red herrings, and a mystery not worth my time. The characters weren't in depth enough to feel for them, the forward in time back in time movement didn't work for keeping the story moving, and the story itself didn't hold my attention. I finished because I felt committed.
Great beach read: It ain't great literature, but nobody promised it was, and besides, it's a great beach read, and you learn quite a bit about Botswana in the bargain.Premise is that a woman sets up a one-lady detective agency, not only the #1 agency of its kind, but the ONLY agency of its kind. Written as a series of vignettes focusing on the cases that come along, the author explores and enlightens her readers at a leisurely pace, which is just perfect for sitting on the warm sand and glancing up every now and then to check on the children playing at water's edge.Written with wit and wisdom, this is a book to be read, savored, and then passed on to a friend.
Too simplistic: While the characters are mildly engaging, the plotlines in this book are rather uninteresting. I found the solutions to the mysteries glaringly obvious, and I am not one of those people who can routinely figure out whodunit by page 15. Precious Ramotswe is a likable but bungling detective who repeatedly gets found out by the people she is supposed to be trailing (yes, I know it's part of the plot, but it's rather irritating). The novel is just barely worth reading for the pleasant local color, but as far as intelligent mystery fiction goes, I would rather reread any Dorothy Sayers novel--except the execrable _Thrones, Dominations_, completed posthumously by another author--for the umpteenth time, than continue following Mma Ramotswe's career.
Definitely a Weekend Read: The No.1 Ladies Detective Agency was a classic weekend read. Both the prose and the plot are quite simple. The several cases she solves are also simple and very predictable. This is the kind of book you take to the beach and finish it in no time. This is definitely not the kind of book you ponder and re-read. The good things about this book are the characters and the exotic setting of Botswana. It made me aware of how little I know about Africa and made me want to educate myself about Africa. The main character, Precious Ramotswe is pleasant and resourceful (large and warm like Africa). The other characters are also straightforward and somewhat memorable. However, I struggle the fact that this book is on the New York Times Best Seller list. I recommend Helen Fielding's (Yes, the author of Bridget Jones' Diary)Cause Celeb.
Easy gliding: What a lovely book this is!I read it in 3 hours, simply could not put it down. Minutes after I finished the first book, I ordered all the others from the series.The book is about happeness, so read it and see what and how for yourself. Don't want to spoil the fun if I say more.
Wholesome. Wonderful. A great story.: There is nothing not to like about this little book. It is well written, colorful and unique. From the moment we meet Mma Ramotswe and follow her story from girlhood, through an abusive marriage and into her ambitious foray as the proprietor of the No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, she earns our respect and admiration-just as she shows respect and admiration for everything around her. Alexander McCall Smith captures the character and culture of Gaborone, a village in Botswana, and tells a sweet and entertaining story. I've noticed other reviewers label it a mystery; however, in my opinion it is a series of mysteries--one about a missing boy kidnapped by witch doctors winds through the book, and others unfold in each chapter where new cases are presented to the fledgling agency. A wonderful and charming book, which I highly recommend.Michele Cozzens, Author of A Line Between Friends and The Things I Wish I'd Said.
3.5 stars. A pleasant read-but I won't be reading any more of them...: This little detective book isn't exactly a novel in the traditional sense, it's more of a collection of stories or cases that Precious, the detective solves.Precious is the main character and her voice and perspective are the best parts of the book. She's funny, has strong opinions and a strong moral code.In comparison to the tradional mystery novel, No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency is much more literary than the usual fare. It's also less mysterious and slower paced.
best cthulhu adventure ever: I think that the title to this review says it all. The Masks of Nyarlathotep is by far the best cthulhu adventure that i have played (much better than Delta Green), due to the feeling of, well, 'authenticity' and adventure. But most of all lots of fun. Easily a choise for one of my top 5 modules of any gaming system.
Excellent: One the best bluegrass videos around!Excellent teaching. A bonus is the wonderful singing that accompanies the lessons.It is a very entertaining video and covers several levels.Highly recommended.
Fabuloso: Where has metal been? this is the answer to your prayers. Taking over where epic bands left off, this is the only breath of fresh air passing through the dungeons of metal decay in ages! Trulli original stuff... It would be great to hear more like this!
Poor Frank: Great story, so-so writing. Worth a read though after you'd read "Into Thin Air" and "The Climb", etc. I won't spoil it for anybody, but poor Frank. Can you believe his wife gave him that ultimatum about returning to a certian VERY high peak?Anyway, the only thing about the climbs that the author fails to communicate is how difficult they were. It sounded like other than being a logistical nightmare the peaks themselves were otherwise easily attainable (except for the one in Austrailia which is actually very easy)
True heroes but lousy author: After reading "Into Thin Air" by Jon Krakauer, I was eager to read more about the people who climb the tallest mountains. While I admire Frank and Dick's success, particulary considering their age, I couldn't help get the impression that this book was one long accolade to the men rather than the accomplishment. It felt like two very ego-driven, very successful men had manipulated a two-bit author into writing about how wonderful they were. I never once got the sense of loneliness and fear of being above 26,000 feet (the "Death Zone") that Krakauer wrote about so well.
Great: These storage bowls have been a nice addition to my dish collection. They came in great shape and have been useful. They go from firdge to microwave to the table and everything matches the dishes.
Too wordy to enjoy.: Diane Raines Ward is obviously a well traveled and well educated person, but it seemed that her personal experiences were what most mattered to her in what could have been a very interesting expose if it was a little less wordy...maybe some good editing would help.
Excellent, original, moving album: This is one of the best albums I own. The music is superb, the words are deep. Its a captivating and emotional album and even after listening to it for years it still stops me and captures my complete attention.
Lightweight and Clarity: For the money, this is a great camera. It is very lightweight, very sturdy and durable, (we took it backpacking), and takes great pictures! Very clear, detailed photos. There are a lot of features you wouldn't expect for a small camera.
Zoom: The picture quality is great but if you're interested in the zoom feature, look somewhere else. The camera does not even zoom to what you can see with your naked eye.
Great when it works but it didn't last a year: this camera worked fine for a while but then slide piece came off and the camera stopped working....cost too much to fix......don't buy...too much for a throw away..
Soooo slow.: It is a long time since i read a book that slow and boring.But now i know a lot about the streets and hotel rooms in Washington D.C.I also know how to operate an old VHS tape-recorder.Everything is just so slow and detailed that u will probably go to sleep very fast.I did.
Remote husband: Great setting for a crime - everyone snowbound or snowblind perhaps. The psychologist/sleuth is only a husband bringing hiswife's purse to the hospital. A good read if you enjoy lawyers in trouble
A very moving and amazing conversion story: Judy Mamou touched my heart with her personal story of her life. She rose from the depths of abuse and degradation to find the love of God and change her life. I read this story as a young child and again today, nearly twenty years later. It is still a very powerful and moving story which brings hope to those who find themselves in dark situations. Judy's story is inspirational and uplifting and I recommend it highly.
Brothers and sisters: I have not received this item yet and was wondering where it was. Im very disapointed as I alway receive them on time please send this asap
Brothers & Sisters final season: Funny family drama. It was nice season to see. I am so so sorry that this was the last one.
Love This Clock: We really love this clock. It has a great look and sounds great. We did turn down the sound some since it is near our TV room. It's nice to have that option.
Get Your Own!!LOL: Quite a lovely smell.Or as the ladies I've been with have said.Can't complain.Waiting on my second shipment.Try it yourself and you'll get the compliments.But don't put on too much.Too much of anything is never good for you.I generally put on about 3 sprays,and I'm out the door.
Great Value: The watch is beautiful and works perfectly. Great value for the money. Shipping was prompt and packaging was appropriate for gift giving.
Ick!: Dismal and overwrought bio of silent cinema's first Latin lover. Casts Valentino as the victim of scheming women at every turn. Offers no new information, and rehashes lots of unproven allegations, like Rudy worked as a gigolo in NY before his film career. If anyone can recommend a good biography of Valentino, I would love to hear from them.
Dig Dis: "When you wake to find that everything has left you and your clothes belong to someone else..." - Just one of the great lyrics on this soulful, soul-searching recording.This is one of my top ten CDs. The music is reminiscent of Innervisions by Stevie Wonder and classic Traffic (as well as Marvin Gaye). Above The Clouds is straight out of a dream... excellent. Throw in a little of the Who's Magic Bus and you have one of the most complete CDs ever made. It honors the past while boldly heading Into Tomorrow.[DW]
If you like the music of the band Traffic.: As an original fan of the Jam and then of the Style Council, I was curious to see where Paul Weller would go next and more important would I like it ! I can say with delight that the ever progessing Weller doesn't disappoint. The album does look back, but not in the musical vain of his own previous work, rather the psychadelic style of the late sixties seems to groove on this album. No doubt some listeners may hear an influence of bands like Traffic, but don't think this is a retro album. Weller again has created an album that can stand the test of time. The music as always seems fresh and full of the Weller lyrics any fan has come to expect. This ones a keeper!
Not bad at all...........: This is a pretty cool game. Its VERY challenging, I only know one person who's finished it. You do have to like strategy games to like this though, because there isn't much else to it. I mean theres not much interaction in the gunfights, its not much of an adventure because its slow-paced, it is strategy pure and simple. The concept is very cool, it can get a bit repetitive though. And its slow, you don't get much action until you advance a bit in the game. In general its a cool game.... theres something addictive about it... but be warned, its not for everyone.
"Hooray For Boobies" doesn't have me shouting for joy.: "The Bad Touch" is a funny song. Hats off to Jim for coming up with some great catchy lyrics, and a tune that keeps it real. But, is that all that their new album, "Hooray For Boobies" has to offer? Sadly, yes. After a few cool tunes like "Mope" and "Hell Yeah", the album relys on its shock value of Bad Touch to carry through the rest of the album and deliver energy to such desperate songs like A Lapdance Is So Much Better When The Stripper Is Crying, that steals from country, badly, and loses its charm fast. It seemed like an entire CD of garnish, and no real substance, no meat. It felt rushed and choppy, with inane skits in the middle that aren't that funny, despite a chuckle-worthy phone conversation with one of the mothers about vaginas. If you want talented, shock worthy songs that have good flow, and catchy beats, stick with Eminem, and Dr. Dre. The Bloodhound Gang have talent, they just didn't show it with this one.
Hell Yeah Says it all: If any of you don't like this, you have absolutely no sense of humor. The jokes are childish and stupid, but if you can't laugh at them, you never ever were a kid. Just because you are older than 13, doesn't mean you can't find childish humor funny. It always is funny, no matter your age, age is only a number. Anyway, the BHG are just so fun, you have to like them. I was looking forward to this album when it was originally supposed to be released, damn samples not being cleared. I'm not sure about the last few tracks yet, but the first 7 or 8 are just plain awesome. The best track on the CD is "The Ballad Of Chasey Lain", BTW, she's a porn star... :) That should be obvious after listening to the song. I say, go out and buy it.
Bloodhound Gang is hilarious: This is a great cd. Its wicked funny and just all around stupid stuff but thats what makes it so funny. b-hound gang rulez and they're the best
a very bad joke: this is strickly for laughs.i mean this group is either doing a bad parody of 80's synth bands or they are Wierd Al's Air Apparents.also they sound like too much of what's out on the radio.a little Offspring,mixed with Barenaked Ladies.even at times Adam Sandler.The Bad Touch song is just The Barenaked Ladies One week done with a Euro beat.especially with all the pop refrences.I can't believe Bums like this get Deals?
just what you'd expect: This book was just as fun and humorous as the other George and Martha books. Just what we were hoping for and expecting.
Not my Cup of Tea: I'm pretty easily amused, but maybe I don't appreciate this kind of humor. I was expecting something different, but I found this almost silly at times. Sure I laughed a couple of times, but it was like she was trying too hard to be funny. I almost gave up a few times too. I bought this expecting to like it and to continue on to read all of her books, now I'm not so sure. It's like I want to read another one in case this one was a dud, but I get the feeling I'd be disappointed again.
Rubbish: I actually thought that Ellen would be funnier. This is just rambling nonsence. Just as though she has scribbled down the first thing that came to mind. Not for me, I'm affraid. I couldn't get through it at all.
Ellen unplugged and at her best.: Ellen does a fanastic job making and writing her own stories jokes and words in this book. She encourages you not to always take things so seriously and gives you a major laugh. WARNING: Only read while on firm surface- you might fall off of it laughing.
Disappointing and then some...: I am one of the biggest Ellen fans out there, but this book was probably her worst job. I found it to be mostly her early stand-up routine put down on paper. And since Ellen is largely funny because of her comical looks, it left the humor hanging. Seriously, being an Ellen fan from the start, I would sit and tell the jokes before I read them off the page. If she was going to do a book about jokes, she should have at least come up with some new material. And she is blatantly honest about the financial motives of writing the book, and even ends the final page by writing random words so that she can meet her publisher's word quota because she has run out of funny material. All I can say is thank goodness I picked up my copy at a flea market for a buck and didn't pay a much too large price for a repeat of her show.
Downright disgusting: This book makes "Mein Kampf" look like a Zionist manifesto. It is the most repulsive thing I have ever read.
Love is a blessing: This a book of beautiful poems and writings describing what love means. It is a wonderful gift for those engaged persons and for those celebrating wedding anniversaries (from the first anniversary to the golden or diamond ones). I recommend reading it often to keep love alive in your relationship.
Just what I was looking for: Very useful. I think we will be using this book for most of our wedding ceremony, as we are writing it ourselves.
Great buy!: These capsules are great. I really like them. They are easy to separate and very smooth. Great product!
Thanks-Calvin and Hobbes Collection: The book arrived quickly, was reasonably priced, and was in great shape. My son loves Calvin and Hobbes! He really enjoyed it and I enjoyed not worrying about finding the right gift. It was the exact book described in the ad so I was sure he didn't have that one and the condition was excellent.Thank you very much
A must watch...: "Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds" is not as good as the first movie, but still rates 4 of 5 stars. In the sequel, you already know there will be plot twists, but they can still catch you by surprise. Watch "eating Out" then watch this movie.
Book: Did not care for this book since I felt that not only was it a slow moving book, but there were things brought into the book that did not have anything to do with the plot.
Weak characters, poor plot: I was not a fan of this novel. It got off to a bad start in the opening chapters because the main character is so unlikeable. From that point forward, I didn't care one way or the other what happened to him. Ray Jackson is a self-absorbed architect, whose wife Leigh leaves him after a fight. There is nothing redeemable about the character, and none of the other characters were well developed. The plot was silly. For some reason, the reader is supposed to believe that Ray kept keys from his childhood houses and is breaking into them to find out the secrets of his past. I suppose the author didn't consider that most people change the locks when they move into a house. And despite Ray's wife cheating on him, everything is fine between them when they reunite. I would not recommend reading this book.Carl Alves - author of Two For Eternity
KEEP away from this book: I really like all of Perri O'Shaughnessy's books. The Nina Reilly character is a really well fleshed-out character. Unfortunately, none of the characters in this book are ; whether it be Ray Jackson, his wife Leigh, or her childhood friend Kat. I started this book twice and finally muddled through it. It's a horrible story, with a confusing plot and no real crime. I'm thankful at least that I didn't spend any money on it and borrowed it instead from the Library. Skip this book and pick up any of the Nina Reilly series.
Great CD: Years ago I heard the La's heartbreaking "There She Goes" on a Top 40 station. But for some reason it never received heavy rotation (this was 1990 or 1991 when Vanilla Ice and Marky Mark permeated the airwaves). Years later I bought the La's one and only CD expecting that to be the only decent song but I found the other songs were great, too.
Did not make the first cup before it died: Plugged it in - Did not make it to the first cup before the thing died and left a burnt smell in the vehicle. Apparently the fuse blew.
Good surprise: I really enjoy this CD. Althougth the tracks have very similar sounds--that sound is great. The beats are rather catchy and her voice is pretty smooth. A very realxing, mellow, sweet CD. A nice surprise from a not so popular artist.
Great pop/soul music with a nostalgic angle.: It's much too early to call I Am Shelby Lynne a classic, but one thing is for certain: The album is *classical* in its approach.The most obvious sign of the album's retrogressive angle is the recording -- blurred, with tons of echo (a sound evoking Buffalo Springfield's "Expecting to Fly" and Phil Spector's works), and arranged to the max. Lynne's voice and singing technique aren't quite pure pop/soul, given her country influences (bearing in mind that many old-school female pop singers also dabbled in country), but it's a unique flavour. Sometimes I'd rather hear Lynne's voice break out of the generally very dense arrangements; occasionally the production drowns her out in waves of guitars and strings.Quite a rush, though, and very catchy.
She's Shelby Lynn And You Aren't: I rather expected to like Shelby Lynn, and she even sounded ok at first blush, but her sub Bonnie Rait posturing just does not cut it. The album pretty well hits one note, and it doesn't seem to hit that one with any real feeling. It just ain't there.
Thank you NPR for introducing me to Shelby's music!: A little bluesy, a little jazzy, a little country. She has a voice that can sound like both Bonnie Rait and Ricky Lee Jones. Each song falls into a different music category. Looking forward to future albums!
Try with some other songwriters, why not?: Shelby has her true vocal abilities, but in no way she can be compared neither to Aretha Franklin nor to the great Dusty Springfield who was able to sing wonderfully any music style.Besides, those who write all their material, are finally copying themselves, Shelby Lynne is not an exception.
critique of paul the apostle: we viewed it as a family, and found it to be errant in very many aspects of pauls life. the vehicle of friends alleged friends of paul, rueben and dina were not scritural, distracting, and too unbelievable as characters. segments of barnabus and pauls journey did not portray accurately pauls association as found in the book of Acts. acting was fairly poor. better to see Peter and Paul with anthony hopkins
Hawaii Video: The island scenes are nice but it is a boring video. You put it on to play while you work as background noise. They focus too long on beach scenes and water.
wont work: From my memory, this is a fun game. If u like games like command & conquer. But I can't get it to play. It says, there isn't enough memory or something,can't remember for sure right now exactly. Whatever it was, its impossible, the computer I'm using has a ton of everything. If someone could let me know whats up, I'd love to play this game.
An objective view of mysterious coincidences: The incredible coincidences in the case studies presented in this book are handled with great objectivity by Stiffler. I have just reunited with my birthmother and sent her a copy of the book as well. After reading the book, which I gladly stayed up half the night to finish, I was able to write over one page of synchronicities in the adoption triad of which I'm a vertex. While Stiffler's dissertation, as she readily admits in the book's introduction, was hastily placed in book form and needs further assistance with writing and editing (she asks readers for assistance with suggestions for the next edition), I found the book fascinating. I'm thankful that Stiffler has tackled such intriguing subject matter and I look forward to further research into synchronicity and the adoption triangle.
A superior edition: I have attempted the elements before but found myself caught in the voluminous commentary by its translator, Heath. This edition pares all that down into a crisp, readable text. The editors should be commended for their excellent decisions regarding typeface, reproducing the illustrations to coincide with the proofs and an overall wonderful exposition of Euclid's work. If you want to actually read Euclid as opposed to Heath, this is the book for you.
Not As Advertised: These are advertised as "5.25; 6; 6.5"I bought these thinking they were pre cut; and to switch to 6.5" you would just need to snap out the inner part.Anyway; I was wrong. Completely FALSE description.......These are for 5.25" ONLY; unless you feel like cutting and drilling them yourself.If that was the case; I could have bought a plastic sheet and did it myself.Definitely not worth the time wasted here......
classic tv westerns without singing cowboys pls: sorry I just like to find some classic tv western bundles without singing cowboys.especially when their epesodes are half of the bundle.100 Greatest Western Classics - Western Classics + Western Legends
No subtitles: I was disappointed to find that when I received the DVDs that there are no subtitles or captions for the hearing impaired and there was no notation on the product description to that effect.
Simultaneously stimulating and relaxing: Charles Wilson speaks to all the channels of your heart, soul and mind. The more you listen the richer the music becomes. I use the Renaisance Man CD to put my daycare babies to sleep.... My 4 & 5 year old daughters love to dance to the serene rhythyms.Thought provoking and beautiful...We love it!!
Reliable workhorse: This was one of the first mice I ever bought. I've had it for at least four years and it's performed reliably with every computer it's been connected to. I've brought it with me from job to job and back and forth from home and have never had any problems with it. The buttons always click crisply and the wheel revolves easily. Now I'm buying another one to permanently connect to my home laptop workstation so I can leave one at work and one at home.
Don't waste your time: Collection of conjecture that was at times painful to read. The recent Mirage annual report gives a better perspective of Wynn's gaming empire and how it was built.
THE PROGRESS PARADOX: Complete waste of money the most pathetic book I have ever had the misfortune of reading. Please save your money and do not purchase this book
Good news is good stuff.: Check out a podcasts on the book on EconTalk.No matter how optimistic you think you are, you will more than likely find yourself feeling a little defensive and suspicious at some of the statistics that he sites. And these are all GOOD NEWS statistics!Of course, if you keep reading, you'll find yourself relieved to find some bad news in there as well.But the whole book does give some great perspective.
Total Crap! Read the Reviews of The Non-Illustrated Version!: This book did not get published. This author can't be trusted. The book is based on appalling inaccuracies.Alexander the Great galloping into Alexandria & plundering the royal library? Really?Alexander FOUNDED the city of Alexandria. He & his men built the city from the dirt up. Ptolemy (a general in Alexander's army who later became the Pharoah of Egypt) created the royal library after Alexander's death. Aristotle had nothing to do with it.No doubt Persia, Egypt & Greece / Macedonia had much intermingling of myth, religion & philosophy. That's obvious! However, an examination into the way these cultures influenced one another needs to be found in another book by another writer. Since this guy clearly does not know what he's talking about.
Good idea gone wrong: I found the 2.1 version (the latest version) slow and inflexibile. It actually produced the wrong answers for my health insurance policies and the results could not be adjusted manually. Also found the "Help" section far from helpful although on-line assistance was responsive (although unable to make it right). I think Intuit just got this program into the market too quickly without proper testing.
Terrible: I love all quicken products, except this. It is basically useless. It takes an incredible amount of time to simply input a medical bill, it doesn't even have the simple ability to to tell you how much your total expenses are and what is left in your HSA/FSA, seems like they could write a little code to for some simple addition and subtrction.
Don't be fooled: The tech specs list this computer as having an NvidiaGF4MX. If you think you are getting a true GF4 think again. You aren't even getting a GF3. The GF4MX is just a GF2(!) that has been rebranded as a GF4"MX".A true GF4 card is compatible with the latest standards, a GF4MX is not. If you plan on playing the latest games, look for a system with more up to date graphics. If you just play old games (or none at all) then the graphics will probably be fine for you.
Great book: This was a very interesting reading. It was practical and easy to understand. We used many chapters in our class.
Best (only?) cat butt stickers around!: If you have 'cat person' friends.....this is a hit!Cat butts seem to inspire hilarity in this group (ok, they're funny!)- and these stickers are nothing if not versatile!The possibilities are endless!
Dead on arrival: Our Dell PC wouldn't boot up with this DIMM installed. I'm going to try another brand of memory.
Could be better!: I wasn't expecting too much from this book when I bought it because it's suppose to be a programmers reference anyway. My problem is: instead of confusing new ASP programmers on database access, it's better to leave the topic to a better author, or say explicitly that samples will not work. I'm looking for a better book anyway!Please email me if you have any better suggestions.
Kindel Version: This is one of my favorite books but once again very disappointed with the Kindle version. Very poor job scanning and optimizing pictures. Any beginner photoshop student could have done a better job.
Memory for my Dell laptop: I added this card and every time I boot I get a new error message. I tried removing the existing 128 and just added the new one but the laptop didn't even start. Finally I returned it. I don't know whether it was a deffective piece or these just don't work with dell.
Seems pointless to even sell this: Every review I read said this didn't work in Dell laptops, well you can add Toshiba laptops to the list as well. Even though the specs are identical, PC100, 144 pin, SODIMM, unbuffered, non ECC, etc. I snapped it in and booted and Windows wouldnt boot. Pulled it out and the laptop ran fine. Was trying to save the customer some money but don't bother, just get the OEM for your machine.
Misrepresentation: What you see is not what you receive when you pay for it.Picture shows two items you will not receive:1. Iron penn tip.2. iron penn stand.Vendor do not answer for email.
Pretty Fun!: This game is overall a fun game,its hard but easier if you know the D and D rules,most parts of the game are fun and challenging;its also neat that you can make your own character,or your whole party if you want.Its cool they have all the races and classes(and 2 new ones!)normally DnD games have like 4 races and 2 classes or something.I think it would be really cool to have it on the Nintendo DS though,thou id really rather play the good old pen and paper table top Dungeons and Dragons,but DnD Tactic is fun for fueling your Dungeons and Dragons rush any time and any were on the go.
Excellent for enjoying your music/movies: I have this hooked up in my main living room, and it's connected to my Television set. I bought this because I watch tv late night and other people in the house were complaing that they could not sleep as they could hear the tv. Everything about this product is great.Just one down side. If you are watching a movie, take breaks with the headset, as it heats up your ears. Also clean the ear peice as sweat builds up. It does get hot.
Poor Quality Sound - Poor Range: I purchased these to replace my old Advent wireless headphones, but these had poor quality sound, lots of hiss that could not be tuned out, and the signal reception was very bad, even within the same room. They were returned.
Waste of time: Its not simple and couldnt get the sound only noise tried every posiible channel and always noise never sound .
Poor Quality Product: The first set I ordered and received worked fine for 2 days, then the volume control broke. Amazon gave me a return label and sent a replacement set within a week. The second set had no sound in the right ear. I called Amazon and was told that perhaps there was a problem with the manufacturer and to return both items for credit. Friends have this same headset, ordered 2 years ago, and it still works fine, so perhaps Sony has changed manufacturers. Don't waste your time or money.
Sorry to have purchased.: First problem, the RCA adapter was missing that was supposed to be included. Second I was very dissapointed to hear a background hissing on all three channels. Whether I was one foot or several feet away the background noise was always there. I expected better from Sony.
Useless product: The headphones has a constant hiss. I tried them at different locations and on different channels. I had bought three and tested them all.A constant hiss can be heard at all times. I thought they would work like cellphones in a way where when there is no music, it should be quiet. But that is not the case.Not sure if the signal is just too weak from the transmitters. The hiss is annoying and unbearable.
"Stay Away: Stay away from these headphones. It uses very specific rechargeable batteries which do wear out and are extremely difficult to replace. Sony does not even stock them on its own website.
Popping noise: Just bought these yesterday and disappointed to hear popping noise every 30 sec. Headphones are good quality, but will be returning back for refund due to popping noise.Sony should have better qualification of their products (otherwise, what is the point of SONY brand?)
Good but not great: I've had these headphones for about a month and a half and I really like this product. That being said, I was surprised by the bulkiness, weight and warmth of wearing these headphones for long periods. I would buy these again but really wish they were smaller and lighter. Also I've noticed that a interruption in the signal creates an occasional, annoying click and static even when well within range of the base unit. To the good, I find the sound quality is excellent and the range while farther away from main unit was pretty good though still plagued by the occasional click and static issue.
Disappointed: I purchased these on June 27th and, unfortunately I did not open the box and start using them until late July. Within 1/2 days, the left side went out, and just the right side works. When I went online to see about returning them, it was out of the time frame and according to the warranty(which I admit to not reading before purchasing), even if I was in the allotted time slot, would only be eligible for 50% of my money back. Sigh. Word to the wise, open electronics immediately!!!
worthless junk: worthless junk - both before and after 'fully charging' [16 hours!] sound quality is terrible - overriding hiss and static on all 3 channels - plus controls are ridiculous - too tiny and flimsy to do anything while wearing them
unacceptable level of noise: The popping and clicking noise is unbearable. I'm very disappointed at this Sony product.So why do some people give five-star rating? They don't have this problem??? Or just can't trust some of the online reviews.
Good and useful: I use these to watch TV when family is asleep. It works well most of the time. Sometimes, one day out of week, there is too much statics, clicking and hissing. Most of the days it's totally fine. Definitely not location-related. More like the weather of position of the Mars.I wouldn't listen to hi-end audio in these, but for TV it works great. And recharger base is nice and easy to use.
13 PEOPLE REVIEWED THIS MESS; 11 GAVE ONE STAR: AVERAGE 1.5 STARS?: Amazon should perhaps consider minus-star ratings. I hope I shall never see a worse movie. This mess lost me about 20 IQ points. Without a doubt, the worst film I've ever suffered through. However, it's David Schwimmer's best performance. Amazon: Please allow minus-stars for such awful, indulgent pieces of ca-ca. And Roger Ebert's quote on the case cover was indicative of reviewers on the take: BOLD, FUNNY, DELIGHTFUL!(And now it's 12:2 in favor of awful... )
hotel condemned: The "Special Features" section said this movie had no script. That explains but doesn't excuse it.
We'll See How Hotel Stands the Test of Time: I saw this in the theater in 2001 and was quite....impressed? It made a big impression on me and overall I liked it for its audacity, boldness, rich style, and not least of all the music. It was funny in really absurd way, at every turn eliciting a "Wot?!" out of me as Figgis let loose.I have heard some say Hotel is pretentious and arty, but I don't think it needs to be taken that way at all. It can stand critical views, but it's also a ton of fun.
Gret book for the kids!(Yeah right): This hooror novel teaches alot about the effects of teasing,death! Great story with plenty of caracters and a in your face plot. With plenty of action, supense,horror,and mystery this is a deffinent must have for all King, and book, fans. Trust me, this book is worth your money. Buy it!
Awsome!: This is an awsome book to read becuase it keeps you on the edge the whole time. Its about a young highschool girl who gets angrier and angrier everyday. All the kids at her school would do mean things to her all the time. They just kept getting worse. Little did she know she had telekinesis powers that could change the whole towns outlook forever. I can see why she did what she did. All the anger building up inside of her she was about to explode. Although it starts off a little slow, this book is definetly one of the scariest and most thrilling books I have ever read. I had never read a Stephen King book before this one, but I had always heard wonderful things about them. I started out just reading it because I had to for a book report. By the time I got all the way through it I was ready for more.
Eh...: I picked up this book, after reading Cujo, Christine, and 4 past midnight. However, this wasnt at all what i was expectingAlot of people have already said that it's more of a coming of age story. Well, the story was okay, but the writing wasn't very good, unlke his other books. This one kept going back and forth, between reports, people, and narratives. As well as confusing, it was boring.I personally dont like non-fiction writing, but alot of this was written as if it was.I would recomend it to anyone who enjoys the nonfiction style but also enjoys the supernatural.
Disapointing: The story is good but the style of writing he used is boring. I loved the movie version of Carrie but the book really isn't like any other King work I've ever read. He has definately improved since this earily work!!
Carrie by: Stephen King: The book Carrie, by Stephen King was a great, suspenseful , sci-fi thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I have an extremely busy schedule and don't usually have much time to read, but every time I picked this book up, I had a hard time setting it down. Once I started reading, I was anxious to find out what was going to happen next.The main thing that I enjoy about King's work is his descriptions. He always gives you superb descriptions so that you can have a great visual image of the characters and the settings.To anyone who enjoys sci-fi thrillers, I would highly recommend this book to you.
Sure, it's "young King", but that's better than most authors: Sure, the writing in this book is "young King", but that's better than most authors even at the peak of their talents. All the raw skills that would make Stephen King the bestselling horror author ever are here, and this is a fast and enjoyable read. Even if you've seen the movie, you owe it to yourself to read the novel. You won't regret it.
Not his best work.....: This book Isn't as good as I would hope. It is to brief, it gets scary in the last twenty pages. If you want a good scary novel, go towards Cujo or The Exorcist. Maybe even try reading Watchers, that is a great book, but don't bother with Carrie!
Great Book!: I have to say that I was suprised by this book. It was my first time reading a Stephen King book, and I thought I would get confused with all the science fiction stuff, but I was confused very rarely by this book. In some ways I thought it was better than the movie because the book goes into more details of all the characters lives. I liked that it was a lot different than the movie, and I didn't feel like I was reading the movie script. I think this book is great for anyone who's a Stephen King fan. This was very good considering it was his first book.
highschool hello: stephen king was brilliant in his first attempt at horror fiction if your a girl and can't feel the deep turmoil of carrie your not normal....king is exsplosive.
Nice Anecdotes: While it provides some nice insite it wasnt quite what I thought. It is mostly her impressions and story. nice read but just not what I thought
Don't waste your money: Ok so if you read my review on the actual detector, you can see I was not find the old deep coins. In theory, a bigger coil is supposed to add some depth so I flipped for the extra money on this bigger coil and got the same results as the 8" coil. I called Bounty Hunter and their web site mentions nothing about extra depth and said the other places selling these should not be advertising that. There is NO gained depth with this bigger coil. I paid good money for nothing. The point of this coil is to cover more area in less time, however that means you are going too fast and missing targets. If you want it for a gain in depth over the standard coil 8" that comes with unit, do not do it. Do not take my word for it, call Bounty Hunter they will tell you the same thing. I am now stuck with an extra coil and gained nothing. Going to save up and just buy a better detector.
Touches the heart: This is a feel good movie. It is a regular Christmas movie that you can sit down and watch with children!
Thought I already reviewed this one.: But they say I didn't so I have nothing negative to say. If it's the right memory for your computer, don't hesitate to buy it. Works fine.
heart warming and love expressions as a common theme.: Ms. Newcomer has an excellent grasp of life and some of the things that we take for granted in our lives. She expresses these things in simple heart stirring lyrics and has made me a fan of hers after this 1st CD I have purchased. I am looking forward to many evenings snuggling with my wife in front of the fireplace and listening to Ms. Newcomer sing about life and what we may be missing. Hopefully other people will discover her too.
Disappointed: I read Cry Me A River as a book club reading, and I was very disappointed. I thought the writing was juvenile and found several inconsistencies in the plot. Every character seemed to neatly fit into a stereotype - the angry black sister, the church-going mother, the racist police chief, etc. Also, I felt no sympathy for Tyrone, the main character, as he sets out to prove his son's innocence. I expected better writing, a better plot line, and a more realistic story. Cry Me A River was like reading a made-for-TV movie.
A Movie that NEVER Gets Going . .: Frankly, this movie is about as interesting as picking a stranger and following him or her around for a few days, just observing what they do. To make it a bit more interesting, say you followed this person on their vacation. That's it. The only reason I bought this movie is because the DVD cover says it is about a young woman who coaches a young boy on how to behave with girls. [I am fairly sure that I have the world's largest privately owned DVD collection of movies dealing with children and teens - over 4000 so far.] However, that segment is so short in comparison to the rest of the movie, it can't really be said that is what the story is mostly about.The one good aspect of the movie is that much of the acting is so natural that one could think it really was a secretly filmed conversation between two people. For this quality, it could be studied by acting students.
Great series, great season: HIMYM is one of the best (for me THE BEST) sitcom in the last decade or so.Why? Because every character is extremely well "designed" with well articulated actions and each one with an "ideology" of their own.I dont know why all the HIMYM Season go from less to more (well, I do know each season finale has to be awasome, but generally -with the excemption of the first season- the first 3 or so episodes of each season arent as fun.)Anyway this DVD has great legen(wait for it...)dary episodes.(i will try not to spoil it for the ones who havent seen it)In this part of the story Ted goes out with Zoey (who's married with a "creepy captain", who at the same time wants to be friends with Ted)-Barney looks for his father-You have Robin "Sparkles" flashback and the epic "Beaver song"-There's a great episode with Katy Perryand in general it's awesome...I guarantee you wont forget the lines:"Two beavers are better than oneThey're twice the funAsk anyone"
Classic Example of Why I'm afraid to spend money on Koontz: Don't get me wrong, at times I love Koontz. I think Phantoms, Whispers, House of Thunder, and Intensity are among his best. BUT the other extreme are his characters that are super-perfect and overcome such odds that it left me rolling my eyes in exasperation. Also the ending greatly disapointed me. "Was" he or "Wasn't" he? There is no closure. Don't waste your time! Along with 'The Mask' one of Koontz's worst ever.
Why are the nuts chasing?: This is a novel first published under a different name, and after reading it I conclude he did so because he or his publisher realized it was not up to the Koontz usual standard. A basic chase story, only there's no real reason why the pure kid was picked out to be chased. I'd pass on this one, and head for Odd Thomas instead, a real Koontz novel.
thank you: Item is exactly as described by seller. Item is of good quality. I would recommend this item to anyone who is looking for such an item at a great price!
Vinyl Joe Strummer & The Mescaleros Rock Art and X Ray Style: Just a warning, the content of the album is worth 4 stars but the re released 20th anniversary vinyl pressing is worth nil stars. It is dreadful. Lead in track sticks and never gets to the song and the first track on both sides has the same problem with the needle skipping back on itself. Very disappointing and the only album I have ever bought that has been so badly pressed. Does include a CD copy, but if I wanted to buy a CD I would have.
Joe Strummer post Clash at his best: This album is a glorious fusion of heartfelt urban folk spiced with world grooves that maintains the anti-establishment grit and irreverance that makes Joe Strummer one of the best lyricists of our time. Arguably his best work outside of the Clash.
Expensive, but works perfectly: While I can't compare this product's effectiveness to that of other screen cleaners, as this is the first one I've ever used, this product works amazingly well and restored my LCD to its original glory.I bought this based on the other reviews, specifically mentioning the Powerbook, because my MacBook Pro screen was extremely dirty, with streaks on it that clearly annoyed during movie playback. It arrived, and voila, my MacBook Pro's screen looks factory new.The solution lets out a bit of a foamy soap when rubbed in, and it just works wonders. The only thing is, this product is quite expensive. Not surprising considering it's a "Monster" product.
Alluring Price. Kind of Works: There's a lot of product for the price and the cleaning cloth is really soft and strong. The cleaner gets off finger prints and the other little specs that get on the screen. The downside is that it actually does streak. The streaks aren't too "heavy" but there is a lot of them. I've tried it on both of my screens (Acer and Asus) several several times. You can get a little bit of the streaks off if you use a dry part of the cloth and wipe the screen over and over and OVER. Really disappointed after reading the reviews. I may return this product.
Works very good! No Complain: I Bought to clean my 52' Sony LCD TV and did as supposed to...Very good product, no complain!!!
Funny and human.: I read this in college and laughed quite a bit, so it was nice to find that the book remains as funny twenty years later. I read it on an airplane trip from Japan and laughed out loud at several points.What I didn't pick up twenty years ago was the book's generosity of spirit. America is a lonely place and Pynchon illustrates this isolation both through the conceit of the Trystero mail service and the gradual crack-up of his central character. All of his characters try to connect with something lasting but America's rootlessness frustrates them.An aura of 'specialness' surrounds Pynchon's books, as much for the reclusiveness of their author as for their own brilliance. Don't let this aura scare you away from what is, at base, a greathearted book.
Disappointing: I'd been meaning to read this book for a long time, and I realize that it's considered a "classic", so I was surprised and disappointed when I finally got around to reading it. Basically, Holt describes various situations where children are playing and learning. If I hadn't already observed the same kinds of things with my own children, maybe this would have been enlightening. If you're someone who's spent time with young children, I don't think you'd get much out of this book. Perhaps if you haven't, then it might be interesting.
Good Reference.: This is really a great book to have on hand when lost for ideas. It is one of many that I use for reference during the homeschooling year. In order to supplement it I do strongly recommend:To the Shore of a Child's Ocean Part One: Homeschooling from Birth to Age Nine (see ArtisanPacificPublishing Website).To the Shore of a Child's Ocean Part One: Homeschooling from Birth to Age Nine (Volume 1)
A classic, changes your paradigm: I read this first in the 70's and looking back, I can clearly see how it changed the course of my life in a very good way.
A Must Read Book: This is an amazing book. I truly feel bad for people who did not understand it's depth. Many said it was boring until it came to the killing. There is so much wrong with that statement, I don't know where to begin! This was a TRUE story, about a REAL person, who suffered tremendous amounts of pain, that we could not even imagine. She did not complain like i KNOW most of us would. She kept her tremendous faith in God and NEVER EVER gave up, no matter what the situation was. One can only imagine the pain she went through recapping the story, let alone living it. The amazing faith displayed in the book makes you wonder, Could I keep such a faith during such an awful time? I highly recomend this book to everyone. It makes you think about your life and whether you are living it for the right reason.
Love the Book, Hate the Shipping: The book took FOREVER to get here. I mean like, weeks. It was in good condition though.
No other book has impacted me as this one...: What I have learned in this book has directly and indirectly been used throughout many years. No other story has affected me like The Hiding Place. It has been such an encouragement; and how blessed I am to know about the ten Boom family and Corrie's testimony! Her books and videos have had a profound impact on me, and countless others.
Adding perpective to life's challenges: This book truly teaches that it is not important where you find yourself, but how you react to your circumstances. It is well written and thought provoking. I believe that it is one of the greatest books ever written, because it widens the narrow view of life's challenges and troubles by lifting the mind. It teaches that it is better to serve, no matter how meager your offering, than to be selfish. Everyone, especially early teens should read this. I recommended it to some younger friends and saw changes in their outlook and approach to their problems. The problems didn't go away, but they were better able to bear them.
Horrors fans only: Occasionally I watch a gross-out horror movie, if I like the actor and it has high reviews. I tend to forget that the high reviews always come from horror fans.And I have yet to see such a movie that was really good by ordinary film standards. This is no exception. Basically the story and logic is sacrificed for cheap horror effects, like maggot-eaten faces.The one good thing about it is Jennifer Connelly, who even at this tender age was the prettiest thing on two legs.
I Did not like This Movie: Sometimes i think that people are given money just so that they can be weird-movie makers, especially. I was highly disappointed. This freakish movie had a flimsy plot, not to mention an unbelieveably stupid ending. It starts with serial killing and ends on an off-balanced tangent. Although i understand the strands that they tried to pull together to get their ending-IT WAS STUPID. Try and imagine a mixture of "forensic detectives" and "Friday the Thirteenth-part any", without the good slasher characteristics. An "artwork" this is. I was highly disappointed. The star is for the unbelieveability of this story.
AWESOME BLU RAY!!: I recieved Phenomena blu ray and I got to tell ya, the picture and sound are terrific and cool special features!! And it's region free (ABC)!! Arrow video is the way to go to get these movie classics on blu ray. I won my bid for The Funhouse blu ray on region free on ebay, can't wait to get that one! Arrow video.. you guys ROCK!!!!
good stuff: i saw this moons ago under the title "creepers". Anchor bay has done it again. The print looks great and sounds good. Speaking of sound, has anyone ever seen a film with a moodier score? that music in the beginning when the girl is walking to her doom is excellent. The film takes place almost entirely in the dark. its got a rather nasty killer. its got jennifer connely. go buy it.
simple and comprehensive discussion of a complex subject.: unabashedly Calvinist,Boettner works thru this subject with continual references to Holy Scripture.very engaging.highly recommended.the kindle edition replaces my well-worn hard-copy.his text on Roman Catholicism is also first-rate!
Probably the closest you'll get to hardcore on her.: I had a friend show me this a while back and believe me this isn't hardcore or anything, but its a lot closer to it than Girls Gone Wild. There isn't any actual Sex in it but it does show a LOT of vagina. Don't get your hopes up yet though. Most of the girls aren't that hot and a lot of their vaginas aren't the best looking either. ESPECIALLY the chick on the front, Kobe or whatever. Hers in the worst. But if you're desperate and actually want to fork over money for grade F quality "pornography" than by all means.
Don't bother!: Boring video for a couple. All it is some girls stripping in front of the camera. No imagination. No story at all. Watched it once and threw it out.
If your a yuppie with a wallet deeper than the oceanitsgreat: Apple iPod is a total waist of money. No way is it worth more than 200 dollars. If you want a good mp3 player you can get one for less than 200. The Arthos 10gb studio jukebox holds 2x the standard capacity of the ipod 5 and costs 1/2 as much. Also the firewire is a pain in the behind its just more money you have to throw away. Get another brand that is designed for windows. The only thing i liked about it before i replaced it was the LCD with 6 lines that was hot. But that doesnt add up. Dont buy it save your money for something better.
JUNK: You can live with the clicking noise when it switches from PSTN to VOIP but you cannot live with the horrible noise and static on the VOIP line. It does not work with Yahoo Messenger either. Get something else!
Easy to read educational breeding book: Excellent read for a new breeder such as myself and a great value considering the cost of this book if bought new. My husband claims to never have read a book in his life, but read this cover to cover.
Hope you enjoy grinding.: Expect to grind for countless hours if you want to clear bosses. Each act contains six quests (often overlapping) and then a final act boss. The act quests are reasonably challenging without being too frustrating, but act bosses will kill you in sometimes one, usually two shots unless you grind for an obscenely long time to get a few levels.Example: I played without grinding to the end of act 2, coming to the final boss with a Level 23 Druid with 146 hit points. The boss has (on the EASIEST difficulty) no less than 4,000 hit points and routinely does over 100 points of damage on a single strike. I have no desire to grind for days upon days to get to level 30, and so I have uninstalled the game to free hard drive space for something better.
Diablo 2 compatablity issues: I updated all my computers to Windows XP service pack 3. I tried play the game after a one year hiatus. the gamefreezes at the start of the level. I have no intentions of buying Diablo 3. It seems that blizzard is an inferiorcompany compared with the likes of Valve and the makers of the Call of Duty and Gears of War series
Awesome: What is really amazing is that just when you think you might be getting jaded with Diablo II (seems to take about three years) you go online and download descriptions of the kits that are available, and of rune recipes, and of item creation recipes, and you just have to start one more character. And then if you get bored with that you can join the online worlds (very easy to do) and play with friends (or strangers) for a completely different gaming experience. I don't know if it's possible to get bored with that...
Great: i'm a casual entomology student....this book was absolutely FASCINATING. I want to take some more ent. classes again!
don't buy this: Oh, PUH-leeze. What a way for a publisher to get money. Make an abridged audio adaptation of a written novilization of a movie? 3 products, same thing (more or less). Don't spend your money on this. Go buy the book novilization. It's written well, and if it's the collector's edition, it has pictures from the movie.
Traffic grows up: Listening to old Traffic albums is a fun trip down memory lane--the big hits of the Dave Mason era have become period pieces of '60s pop that sound great, but dated. This album, however, is the one that stands the test of time (29 years, anway). It's a true album, as well. Each song leads to the next, in an interesting progression, from the jazzy leanings of songs like "Glad" and "Stranger To Himself", to the title tune, a whimsical turn to England's musical tradition. These are the sounds of a band which has come of age.
A good moral lesson to be found here: This was a touching book. I hope it encourages young girls who find themselves in this position to consider all the options. Any woman/girl who wants an abortion should be made to read this book.
A fabulous book.: This is one of the first books that I really couldn't put down. It was easy to read and had me spellbound from the moment I started reading. It tugged at the heart strings and brought a tear to my eye in some parts. Eventhough it was set in 1952 in may ways it could still happen today. A story I won't soon forget.
'Love' appears more than necessary.: I just finished this book, and as much as I liked the story, it dragged on too long, and was horribly predictable. It was not the brain candy many of us seek, built boring and common characters, and seemed to be repeating itself. As soon as you read the back, you already know that she's leaving the baby behind. And what ever happened when Maribeth left? I never found out. But with the predictability, I'd say she married that guy and had some kids. The book didn't really seem to be much about love, probably because the word showed up too many times. It's easy to read, not much thought required. Good for ages 10-16. Can be finished easily in a night.
Grinnell IS in Iowa!: This is the first Danielle Steel book I have read, and it will be the last. Aside from the sappy, predictable story and elementary use of the language, the book contains (for me, at least) an egregious editorial mistake - Tommy thinking about Maribeth, page 158 of the paperback: "But there was something he didn't like to think about, her going back to Iowa and her parents." This would be the same Maribeth who took a bus from Onawa, Iowa to Omaha, Nebraska, then got off in Grinnell on the way to Chicago. The only Grinnell, with a college, on the way to Chicago from Omaha, happens to be the one in IOWA!!I suppose, to some people, this is a small point. However, in my opinion, if you're going to write fiction, make it up. Don't screw it up.And by the way, Grinnell is a very cool town.
Good information: My son needed accurate information regarding his rights to see his son. This book has the answers he needs to move forward.
Court Is Not Where We Want To End Up: We have watched others follow this advice and then with all their good efforts still lose. We need more input into the process. Finding and trusting a good attorney just isn't enough. We are going to keep looking.
Nice read: Simple and enjoyable book . Great description of Botswana. Not super thrilling or complex, but still a satisfying read. Leaves you curious for more tales.
Great For kids who already know letters!: I am a nanny for two preschoolers: one 4.5 and one 5. They have letters and phonics down but making the transition to actually decoding words has not been easy. This video gives them a fun way to remember "how" to do it. It has great colors, music, and repetition that go along with fun ways to remember what a vowel is and even sound blends. I am very impressed with this...they are not big into TV/videos but they ask to watch this twice a day and I can see a difference in their eagerness to learn! Great job, LeapFrog!
Save your money!: Parents will be forced to slog through weak character plots that move at a glacial pace. Once Junior, FINALLY reaches the "teachable material", it's just a small portion of the dvd. Don't waste your money on this lame Leap Frog DVD.Rock N Learn', cuts to the chase, with their DVD version of alphabet letter sounds and phonics. It's a much better alternative. Parents won't have to feign being "spellbound" for Juniors' sake. Granted, Rock N Learn' is twice the price, but well worth every penny.
Great learning movie: My 3 1/2 year old is learning to spell. He is a graduate of the Talking letters video which is a definite must before this video. He "gets" how to put the letters together to make words and has learned to sound out words. His only problem is just like the machine in the video...he trys to make words that are not real...like ZAT. It gets going a little too fast towards the end of the video. They should have made it a longer video instead of rushing through concepts.
Leapfrog is why my son knows his letters and sounds...: Letter Factory, Talking Words Factory, Code Word Caper, Fridge Phonics, Fridge Words Magnetic Word BuilderWhen my son was 22 months old he could tell me the letters and their sounds because of this system. We started with the DVDs. Then we added Fridge Phonics. After a couple months I added the Word Builder. I only let him have about 10 or 12 letters at a time so he doesn't get overwhelmed. When I had too many out, he would knock them to the floor. He's 28 months old now. He doesn't make real words yet. But that's coming soon!But watch out for the fridge magnets. Leapfrog changed the sizes. The Word Whammer and the older Phonics with the Frog have the letters that match. The ones with Scout the Dog and the Sun match the Jet (word builder).
Awesome!: My daughter loves this video and also the Letter Factory video. At the age of 3 she had learned almost all of the alphabet, in part due to the re-inforcement this video gives.
lyrical jazz trumpet reaches the sky: woody shaw, undoubtely one of the top 20 of jazz trumpet goes for it and reaches his maximum, be it artistic beauty, lyricism or technique.
Alien 3 ends a run of two great movies: Alien 3 is a huge disappointment. While this movie was in its pre-production and production phases it was obvious that it was going to be a disaster - there was no direction or vision of the logical next steps in the Alien franchise. The first two movies were amazing - both unique and entertaining in their own way. Alien 3 begins with ruining everything Ripley fought for in Aliens by immediately killing off the survivors and then transitions into a bleak and dull storyline that trashes the franchise. I always envisioned subsequent Alien movies to delve into the mystery of the derelict ship on LV-426 and create a situation where Earth had to be defended from infestation from the Aliens. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, and basically ignore that it was ever made. In my mind Ripley, Hicks, Newt, and Bishop returned to Earth and the story stopped or moved on from there.
Grim and Masochistic: Director Fincher takes his death fetish to new lows in this grim and mostly pointless followup to Aliens. In this one, Ripley--perhaps the universe's most unlucky astronaut--washes up at a penal colony that makes Alcatraz look like a Howard Johnson's at sunny Myrtle Beach. She's joined by a dour cast of British unknowns (a wasted Charles Dance being the major exception), which coupled with the pseudogothic production design, makes the film feel like a bad Henry James novel come to life. With hints--hints--at some deeper meaning, the story basically rehashes the first film; this time, though, the apparent innovation is that prisoners are picked off one at a time by a fast-moving alien that has combined with canine DNA. Masochists undoubtedly will enjoy scenes like the child from the previous film, Newt, being autopsyed, but most viewers will just shake their head at this relentlessly unhappy movie.
Largely Underappreciated: Though it's not really fitting for a movie in the Alien series, Alien3 is an interestingly done if monochrome-looking exercise in religious allegory. Weaver handles the constantly changing role of Ripley well, combining both the independence shown in Alien with the maternal aspects of Aliens. This, combined with the rest of the cast and some effective camerawork, makes for what is at least an interesting film. It must be seen letterboxed for it to make any sense, however. The end of the movie (and what should have been the end of the series) is amazing, of course, and worth waiting for even if you find the preceding two hours unbearably dull. Give the film a second look (or a first!), but again, in its original Panavision format if possible; otherwise it becomes very visually garbled. END
Satisfying, clever movie: Ok, so "Alien 3" was not as classic as "Alien" or as fun as "Aliens", but it was not as horrible as many people have claimed. It was a terrific conclusion to the Alien series. (I don't include Alien: Resurection to be part of the series because it was so pointless and stupid.) The plot moved along smoothy and the acting was great, especially Weaver who I feel did the most convincing job in the series. On a side note I thought it was a superb idea to give the alien dog-like physical characteristics since its host was a Rotweiler. The only things I didnt care for in this final chapter was how the scrip-writer cut out Newt and Hick's role. Im sure the two would have been more than glad to return to make Alien 3 if they were given the opportunity. Anyway, it was a wonderfully crafted movie just not fully up to par as the first two.P.S.- there is not a more satisfying, clever ending to a movie than this one.
Not a continued Excellence...: With Alien and Aliens being such exemplary filmwork, it's hard to give this 3rd segment of the series kudos. The special effects was not given the attention that was heeded in the first 2 installments.That's unfortunate.
Best Alien movie: I always thought Alien and especially Aliens were great movies. When I saw Alien 3 for the first time,I thought it was good but was expecting another Aliens. I quickly forgot comparisons,and it has become my favorite of the 4 (ressurrection started out OK,but some REALLY goofy scenes in the second half ruined it). I love the atmosphere,I love the music...and I think I'm one of the only people who's managed/bothered to identify each bald prisoner.It's fun as a game every time you watch it.Can't wait to see the uncut version when it comes in the mail. It's a half-hour longer than than the theatrical cut,and other scenes are edited differently.
Fast moving, gripping entertainment: I thought this novel would be a good in-between read. Usually, I select what I believe to be challenging novels, scholarly fiction.How I enjoyed this suspenseful tale! Alex Cross is a realistic, dynamic protagonist with a personal life, children and a past to resolve. He is also a student, a new FBI agent who hasn't learned the ins and outs of the bureaucracy. Cross is pulled out of class to hunt down and entrap an international godfather of the Red Mafiya, the Wolf.The Wolf snatches and delivers beautiful women, and men, from shopping malls and college campuses to be delivered to psychopathic members of a secure internet chat service. Cross has to find these innocent, tortured victims before they are murdered by their captors.This book caused me to lose sleep many-a-night because I couldn't put it down. This is my first Patterson novel and I guarantee it won't be my last.
Not his best, still good though: Okay, this is not the best novel Patterson ever wrote, but it's still pretty good. It has his trademarks written all over it with the same characters, violence, and plots, but then, that's why we read him, right? Would also recommend Roses are Red, 2nd Chance, McCrae's Bark of the Dogwood, and Brown's Angels & Demons.
A one star rating is too high.: I should by have paid attention to the rating 'What A Waste Of Time, by A reader from Vancouver' this book was not only a waste of time but a total waste of money. The 'no-ending' is so terrible that it leaves you sick because you know that it is about the author writing and you buying another book to figure out...James Patterson what happened to you? You were a favorite....less then one star...sad James, sad.
Once again, no ending: It seems that James Patterson either has a page quota or a book quota. When he hits the page quota he stops writing, left out the ending or he has a book quota and wants to sell twice to the suckers who would like to find out the ending.Shame on me for continuing to buy his books when so many of his recent efforts have been so unsatisfying.Stick to the early works which were outstanding.
BIG BAD BOOK: This is the last book i will read from James Patterson .I was glad the book was on loan and i didn't have to pay .Don't waste your time with the latest addition of Alex Cross.If you like a book that starts half a page down or ends at half a page up than this is the book for you and i alsolike the way Patterson doesnt finish the book,this way you can buy the next unfinished book he writes .
Way too shallow!: After the total fiasco of The Lake House, I was looking forward to getting back to Alex Cross. However, this book was a disappointment. I read it in about 3 hours, and I'll never again buy one of Patterson's hardbacks. I'll wait for the paperback (second-hand at that) and save my money!This book was not as bad as The Lake House, but it wasn't all that good. Short, choppy sentences; lots of italics; no depth to the characters. I found myself skipping whole paragraphs; you can just read the first and last sentence in a chapter and pretty much know what's going on.I like books that "take me away" -- this book was one that I just wanted to get away from!
not your vintage patterson: this is a disappointing book. gets all mushy with alex cross joining the FBI etc. i am used to fast paced thrillers from patterson, and this is not one!!
Such a disappointment: I am a big fan of Jame Patterson's Alex Cross series and was hooked from reading "Kiss the Girls". However I am getting tired of them ... almost as tired as his plotlines. This novel had no real ending (I am presuming that this is to encourage us the read the next novel) and I certainly did not get as involved with this story as with previous ones.Alex Cross' situation has developed slightly, what with his relationships and joining the FBI and that was welcome, but I miss the strong bond with Sampson which seems to have gone in this novel. It simply feels empty and like Patterson has lost his bite. I will definitely think twice before buying the next one.
The Worst Author I Have Ever Read: Patterson's writing is an insult to one's intelligence. I couldn't finish this book (a Christmas gift) it was so bad. The fact that he is a "bestselling author" is proof of the dumbing down of American society.
big bad wolf: i loved this book, but i do love all of james patterson novels and love the alex cross stories. it was suspenseful and i could not put down the book until i was done.
Carmen ripoff: I was under the impression that I had ordered Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego--the original version. What I got was a terrible version. My son and I played it for 5 minutes thinking it was the version we had rented from the library but it wasn't--it was horrible--graphics-wise and content. I can't tell you how disappointed I was!
A favorite of mine for years: I'm so glad to see it's been released on CD! Redpath has such a versatile voice, and this collection shows off its full range, from the quiet grief of "Dancing at Whitsun" to the humor of "Captain Wedderburn's Courtship" to the angry "Blackwaterside." Redpath's voice, of course, is as near to perfect as they get, and her interpretations are equally remarkable: powerful and emotional, but never over the top.
excellent new edition of Hind Swaraj: This excellent new edition of Hind Swaraj fulfills the needs of all readers, either for private and academic purposes. Extraordinary is especially the introduction which covers all major subjects which should be taken into account for understanding "Hind Swaraj", e.g. wesetern and eastern influences on Gandhis thoughts, the London & South African years etc. The text itself is issued with a lot of explaining footnotes which also refer on the original (written in Gujarati). It's so far the first edition I know which compares between the english and gujatati text ! The only, minor manko might be the fact that the South African years are treated rather short, but the bibliography and advices for further reading lead the ambitious reader to new sources.
Ok: This movie is a bit boring, typical late teen movie, no money have to save the building before the bank claims it back. The brunette is the only girl worth watching.Not recommened.
Morality for beautiful girls No. 1 ladies detective agency book 3: This is a wonderful story/book. As you can see it is No. 3 in the series of books by Alex. McCall Smith, which is also a series on the BBC/HBO. You will love the stories as they transport you into another world of somewhat adventure and humor.
Hanson Similarity: I think gameface is a _really_ good band, and I don't know if i noticed it before hearing the new Hanson, but the vocals on this album on the Gameface tracks sounds mysteriously like Taylor from everyone's favorite teen-pop-stars Hanson. But despite that frightening coincidence, it's my one of my favorite albums, and well worth the money.
Quality and Convenience in One: After listening to both the in-motion speakers and Tivoli's iPal, the iPal's sound quality wins hands down. I wouldn't worry much about the fact that iPal is one speaker while in-motion is in stereo since in-motion's 2 speakers are so close together anyway. If you're an audiophile, choice is easy...get the iPal. The convenience of in-motion's dock is nice, but certainly you can live without. And yes, iPal is a little bulkier, but in my opinion, not much harder to travel with than in-motion. In both cases, you'll put the speaker in some type of bag. In-motion is a slimmer design while iPal is more of a cube. Again, don't sweat it...iPal's sound and AM/FM tuner more than make up for it. Listen to both and I think you'll agree with me. I absolutely enjoy the iPal (for a mobile speaker)!
Missing features, limited lifespan: Where is the FM tuner? Microphone? Tivo like buffered FM radio? How about a replaceable battery?For this price I'd expect a full feature set.
Stick to the originals: Come on...the voices are in the background and the music is in the front. It should be the other way around. I like it when they remix songs but I like the singer to sound like they recorded it that way, which of course they didn't since most of them are dead.Happy Holidays!
The best MP3 player money can buy: As of this month, this is the third MP3 player I have bought in the last 2 years and this is by far the last one I will buy! I originally had a Creative Nomad Jukebox but was not happy. Slow connection speeds etc etc. But once I bought the Ipod, I have been thrilled. Super fast downloading speeds, great scroll wheel, the size alone is enough to make anyone drool! But one bad note, the battery life, they do claim 10 hours, which it can easily do. But, when you are not using it for more then 2 or 3 days, the battery for some random reason drains, and you must charge it again. Other then that, it is by far the best MP3 money can buy!
two great albums: Both these albums, Gracious' complete distography as far as I know, are great. They both contain either side long suites--that work--or songs with many parts. The writting is non-lineier throughout.The music contains lots of instrumentation: harpichords, alarm bells, heavy guitar, and heaps of mellotron. The mellotron is particually emphasized, but not to orchestrate the way the Moody Blues or early King Crimson used the insrtrument. Gracious uses its merky, primative sound-primative by today's standards-to create dark, frighening undertones. The tron is present a great deal. but it is deep within the music, which actually makes it more effective.The songs jar from an almost Bach like gracefullness to abrupt bursts of noise and dissonent hard rock. Suprises abound, and Gracious never falls into prog-cleches'Violent, unpredictable and origonal, this is a band you definately want to hear. I have not listened to anything quite like it.
Superb, A great resource: If you're in the Games industry or you want to get in, this book is definitely a must have. This is a smart book by really smart authors - I know, I've worked with a couple of them (Y.King and J.Fretias at EA Canada). This book will prove invaluable for future projects. Every section of the book has something useful, from 'Programming Techniques', 'Artificial Intelligence' to 'Pixel Effects' and its all 100% revelant. I look forward to the rest in the series.
What a waste of time!: I keep hoping that this book would go somewhere or at leaste give you something to think about. A best a poorly written unimaginative and already done many times story.
Ideas running out !!!: After I read 2061, it already gave me an impression that Arthur C. Clarke has ran out of ideas for this series and 3001 confirmed my feeling. I am sorry but I seriously deem that this book has spoiled the reputation of 2001 and 2010. He should have stopped at 2061.p.s. the worst part of the book is the ending,it's too sloppy.How can the computer virus created by the human beings be able to damage the "Frist Born" 's "computers", I don't think they use the same computer language as us.
Not worth the wait...: I grew up on Clarke. His novels and short stories fuelled my avid interest in science, evolution, and academic pursuits. It used to be that I could not wait to read the latest Clarke edition. But the last good books Mr. Clarke has written were 2010 and Fountains of Paradise.All subsequent books by Mr. Clarke, including 3001 have lacked the ingenuity and sense of wonder present in his earlier work (i.e. Childhoods End, Rendezvous with Rama, Expedition to Earth).I thought that 2061: Odyssey Three was low point of Clarke's writing, but 3001 is nothing more than a "cut and paste" job from all the intruiging ideas explored by Mr. Clarke in previous books. The notes at the end of 3001 are more interesting that the actual story, and most of those notes appeared in the much earlier (and brilliant) Fountains of Paradise.My advice to those that loved 2001 and haited 2061, give this book a miss
Remember...: Just a note to you who compare 3001 to 2001. Clarke based the last 3 books of the series off the movie, not the book. That's where Jupiter comes into play.
3001: The Final Frontier for Mankind: In 3001: The Final Odyssey, Arthur C. Clarke showsus the future potential of integrating the dreamsof man with the abilities of technology. 3001holds your attention with the return of HAL andDave Bowman one thousand years after the epic2001: A Space Odyssey. Clarke once again helps usto expand our ideas about mankind and its placein the universe. Also read Clarke's The Hammer ofGod for more thought-provoking yarn about thefuture of mankind.
Lacks the real science---and the sound thinking---we expect: Generally pretty lame, although the idea it takes off from is kind of fun--the recovery and resuscitation of astronaut Frank Poole, whose body had been flash-frozen one thousand years before. ----- For me the book was particularly marred by one of the silliest popular misconceptions current, namely that religion is responsible for most of the world's suffering. The two great causes of persecution in this century have been atheism (particularly under the former Soviet Union and its vassal states) and racism (under the Thousand Year Reich, during its decade or so under the sun). Also ripe for blame are political ideology and territorial ambition. Clearly, something else is happening--call it man's inhumanity to man. It doesn't seem reasonable to blame religion for a common human failing. ----- Arthur C. Clarke is a fine thinker when he sticks to his area of expertise. His book on the terraforming of Mars is wonderful. This one is a duck.
What a mess....: Now what?...3001 makes it clear that Clarke is writing onreputation alone now. The story does nothing to further the "adventures" of HAL and Bowman--just the inflated ego of the author. Clarke has managed to give us no answers, while leaving the story no where to go. Incredible...
Oh brother...: After reading 2061, I had a nagging feeling that AC Clarke was going insane. Well, 3001 confims it beyond a doubt. It's sad to see an author slowly lose his skill and interest. If this were submitted for publication by a lesser-known author, it would have gone straight into the trash.
What a Cop Out!: Bringing Frank back was a great idea. The rest was crap. I can't believe that it would all end this way! ACC has got to be senile. This has none of the mystery or beauty of 2001, nor the intelligence of 2010 or 2061. And frankly, I don't think that the monoliths can be beaten by some computer virus. Come on! They pulled the same side show trick in ID4! Let me guess: The monoliths are IBM compatible and run on Windows 95. I don't think so! I thought that the series would end on a brighter note than this, I really did. Maybe someone should rewrite it for ACC.
Ugh: If you want scifi go elsewhere. If you want an arrogant polemic then this is your book. What a waste of time (pun fully intended).
Have I missed something?: I have read this book several times now and still feel like I have missed something. I really do think Mr Clarke was fighting a deadline to get this one out. It has so much potential to draw you in but never quite gets you going like the other three... 2001, 2010 and 2061 (mind you even 2061 was showing signs of sagging towards the end). The four Rama books were brilliant from the very first word to the very last as are many of his other sci-fi stories and the Rama series truly is a classic. The 2001 saga should be up there with the classics but I don't think it ever can be with the results of 3001. This is disappointing because it all starts out so well and 3001 isn't a bad read as far as books go but it certainly is not worthy as the final word in this much vaunted series.
Super Fresh High Quality: Very reasonable price for an awesome product. Super Fresh and aromatic, high quality item. Super fast shipping....will purchase again. It's deli dill pickle time :) this product is worth of my organically grown pickling cukes..
Cute concept - horrible implementation!: This is such a great idea for a Strawberry Shortcake toy! Too bad it's really poorly constructed. My 4-year-old calls me up to put it back together at least three times before she finally gives up playing with it.The fences constantly pull apart, the walls separate from the front of the stable, and there is nowhere to keep all of the accessories (which are really cute, I must say) together when the stable is folded up. You could put them in the manger, but they just fall out as soon as you pick the silly thing up.Anyway, I was REALLY disappointed with this one. Santa thought he was bringing a great toy, but it was really bad. I would highly recommend the Strawberry Shortcake house instead - it's actually well-built.
JUNK: Please listen to the other reviews and don't waste your money on this stable. I agree with the other reviews when they say it is the most poorly made Strawberry Shortcake toy on the market. Trust me, my daughter owns almost every SS item available and this is one that she won't use. If you don't have Honey Pie pony, just spend the money to get the pony separately. The stable comes with some pieces but they are so small and don't really work well with the pony. I have written several emails to this company since Christmas when my daughter got this toy and have yet to receive any type of reply from them. I have been happy with every other SS toy my daughter has and wish I had kept the box to return this one because it really is a piece of JUNK.
Having a Garage Sale: Stop ! This may look cute, but any amount of playing (even breathing on it) will cause it to fall apart. This toy did not last a month in our house. It never stayed together, and on top of that it comes with about 20 teeny tine "grooming pieces" (not kidding, most a smaller than a dime) Definitely a major disappointment for my daughters who love strawberry shortcake and horses.
Lame Attempt!: BOOOOOOO!!! This is bogus! And the worst part is this guy duped the trademark office into granting him the trademark to "Powerhour." You should be ashamed of yourself Steve Roose. You are a sleezeball and a crook! Hey I'm going to trademark the term video and sue you for making a video, idiot!
More like "Weak Hour": Thankfully I received this DVD as a gift and didn't waste my own money on it. It's boring and doesn't even have music in the background...my friends and I actually ended up playing an audio power hour in the background while watching the DVD, then we had to mute the DVD because the burping noise got so annoying, then we just turned the stupid DVD off and ended up giving it away. You can find much better Power Hours online for free.
Wow, terrible.: Got this as a gift with a bunch of other crap from the same company. This is the kind of product that makes you want to drink because you're having such a BAD time alcohol is the only cure. Seriously, this thing is so boring it will suck the life out of any party. People fixate on the stupid screen and don't talk to one another, they just wait for the slide to change. STUPID.
Terrible!: Power hours have probably been around since the first university was built, but this is so boring! It might pass as a free product, but trust me, don't waste your money.
Can't stand grammatical errors: Who does a power hour power point presentation? The final screen says "Congratulations Your Drunk!" YOUR? It's YOU'RE, thanks! If you are charging 10 dollars, I think you could have run spell check.
Disgusting: Having watched this video there are far more comprehensive games out there. Googling will get you free versions...or better yet, just borrow a stop watch or even a watch the clock in your frat house's microwave, when a minute passes take a drink.Spend your money on more beer; from the awful graphics to low video production quality this product is just flat out embarrassing.
Not for running or jogging!: If what you want is a portable device to run or jog with, simply forget it. It freezes after three or four songs (every time) and it is just the way it was built. I sent it for repair (they charged $29.99 for shipping), just to have it back with the same problem and the explanation that iPod's skip protection just lasts 20 minutes, even while Apple's website specifically states you can run with it.
Nope, no comment: Went to Best Buy, decided to look around, saw shadowbane strategy guide, thought it might be nicely done, flipped to a random page, shut it, walked away. End of story
Hollywood script version of the book I wanted to read: The software technology was unnecessarily anthropomorphic and silly, as is typical in a Hollywood treatment. That mishandling in turn discredited the supposedly genius software programmer and protagonist of the story. The characters are thinly developed in stereotypical fashion and the writing was only serviceable. Rather than write a great book and let Hollywood make the cheapened low-brow movie version, the author just wrote the cheapened low-brow version directly (probably hoping to facilitate a movie deal). I was disappointed.
Dead Man's Treasure is a treasury of humor: An expiring British agent mails an invitation to Steed to a treasure hunt. The middle aged party giver of the car race admires Emma. "What a beauty," says steed of his race car. "Oh I agree," he says fervently, eyeing Emma. This one has a novel plot twist. Two killer secret agents infiltrate the car rally and stalk Emma and Steed. The two baddies are nonplused and outraged to discovering someone ELSE is cheating them! As always the brilliant Emma solves the mystery and wins... This was one of the best scripts toward the end of 1967.
Well, now...: Several other reviewers have been touting Schnobelen as a 'Mormon, Mason and Satanist'...I hope those people realize that his own writings place him in all three of those groups at once, as well as several others that never existed *and* several that don't even *offer* the services he claims to have obtained.William Schnobelen has nothing of any use to teach anyone who isn't interested in the Religious Right's pandering drivel.While I was researching (Yes, Mr. Schnobelen, the 'R' word) this man's 'works' (and I use the term very loosely indeed), I came across several web-pages and directions to articles -- not only by those of other faiths, but by those of *his own faith* -- that thoroughly debunk the pablum that Schnobelen expects us all to lap up willingly.Avoid this book like the plague.
Canon flash: I purchased this for my new Canon S3 IS. Worked great the first time I used it (as a bounce flash). I put it in my camera case, months later, I tried to use it again. Would not work (piece of junk). Amazon nor Canon will take it back.
A Must Have for ALL Canon Digital Camera Owners: If you own one of the fantastic, compact Canon digital cameras than this is a must have.I bought a new Canon SD880IS for Christmas and the built in flash only has a usable range of about 10-13 feet. This is very typical of compact digital cameras. This is due to the small size of the cameras and small batteries. It is all a compromise. For most shooting this is not a problem as you can usually shoot without flash or are within range. However many times you need more flash range when shooting in large rooms, museums, concerts, and public places. The HF-DC1 solves this problem by giving you more range - up to 30 feet. This flash works with many Canon models, check the Canon Website or your camera owners manual for complete details.It is a must have for Canon digital camera owners. Highly recommended !
Handy addition: Being an old-time fan of bounce flashing, this allows you to do that with almost any digicam. I've used it with a Canon S3 and A620 with excellent results. I can lower the main flash output and use it to trigger the external. It's really versatile in the hand-held mode, allowing me to position it where I want at most any angle. When used mounted with the full-strength onboard flash, it can be truly blinding to those on the other side.The only "con" is the use of an odd-sized lithium battery. Even AA lithium would have been much more economical.
no complaints: $100.....maybe a little steep, but worth every penny to get some memorable shots of your child in a lead role of her last high school musical. I have done it in the years pass without an remote flash with the pictures turning out dark and blurry. Using it my S2IS set on TV, I set the shutter speed at about 1/60 with the ISO at100, I was able to stand in the 3rd row seats which put me about 40'-50' from center of stage. After seeing the results I wish I would of bought this flash couple years ago. And do keep couple of the CR123A batteries on hand.
Solid: I agree with Dean, this is a really solid album, especially for such a little-known and short-lived band. I mostly listen to hardcore, but I also really enjoy this type of catchy, straightforward punk rock songwriting.
Not good. Not good at all.: I used to be a huge fan of the Cardigans. I even liked Gran Turismo's darker direction. But this....this is nothing. It's completely uninspired, practically every song is in A minor, and the album as a whole is ridiculously slow and monotonous. This is the Cardigans, sans whimsy, charm, and unique composition. A shell of their former self.
THIS IS ALBUM IS MANSONS BEST YET.: I Tell You One tHing If You Are A True Manson Fan, This New Album Is Really Good. For Some Fans And Other They Don't Think Highly Of It But Thats Because They Just Don't "HEAR" Manson Anymore...They Lose Interest. I Think That By Far This Is Mansons Best Yet. Everyones Is Entitled To Their Opinion Though.It Has Some Down Fall On It With The Song " Ka Boom" But Mansons Just Trying Something New Thats All. I Don't Believe He's Sold Out. He's Still Going And Still Has That Voice. It's A Great Album...Just Listen To It...TO Real Mansonnites...You Won't Be Disappointed. RESPECT IS GIVEN TO HIM FOR THIS ALBUM.
Awesome!!: This album is totally awesome! All the songs are good and have a good rythm to them! But ever since Twiggy Ramirez left it'll never be the same! He has been with the band since the beginning! Tim Skold is ok, he's not one of my favorites but.... Ya, This album is totally worth buying, I mean, it's really good. "Mobscene", "Paranoir", "Spade", and a ton of other songs are totally awesome. This album also kicks ass!
Good Music To Sleep To: Okay, i'm ready. Got my ear plugs, boom box, and i'm sitting in bed. This should be great. I'll just stick these plugs in my ears and play "The Golden Age Of Grotesque". I enjoy doing this because MArilyn is such a positive singer. GREAT MUSIC TO SLEEP TO!!! (dont forget the ear plugs)If you like Aaron Carter and Nelly, you're sure to love this new and improved cd by Marilyn.Remember, if you're looking for good music to sleep to get this album. It will make you feal better when u've got this blaring in your ears while you arent awake.My favortie Manson Cd So far. Keep up the good music buddy.!! i love this guy i saw him on Conan, hes hillarious. The blend of the soft screaming and yelling is great in his work. Thanks Marilyn!!!
big prob, mob...: Save your money, or do yourself a favour... buy some good old Alice Cooper stuff instead of this... for diversity and CLASS, check "Billion Dollar Babies"... or if you like it HEAVY go for "Brutal Planet".
his worst: Absolutely the worst album of Marilyn Manson. I am a big fan of his music but I must say that. Buy this CD only if you need it desperately for your MM collection. It contains only a few not bad songs like (s)aint, mOBSCENE, Para-Noir and Vodevil and even those songs do not make this album worth of bying or even listening second time. It is a huge disappointment. Never expected such a weak album from such a great performer.
Just buy it in the store...: I have previously ordered a 16pc. set from Amazon last year and it shipped and arrived in perfect condition! However, this year I went to order a set for my mom for Mother's Day and when it arrived the dishes were damaged, scratched and defective. Thinking it was just a factory fluke we returned the dishes and exchanged them for another set. The second set arrived and we were disappointed to find that these too were damaged, scratched and defective. I love Fiesta, but they way these dishes are packaged and shipped was disgraceful. You're better off to just buy them in the store and check them for yourself.
Monkey Dance on Wiggles Yummy Yummy: I would just like to tell everyone who is bashing this video because The Monkey Dance is not on here that they are watching the wrong video. The Monkey Dance is on Wiggles - Yummy Yummy. As for this one, it is great. My 2 1/2 year old can not get enough of either of the videos. They are a must for young children.
The classic Wiggle Time!: We have had Wiggle Time on VHS for 10 years, and the tape is wearing out -- so I bought this and it's exactly what I was hoping (except that it's missing the preview that had the "Hot Potato" song that my kids all love, so I'll have to find that elsewhere). It is a Wiggles movie that doesn't have the computer graphics, which we like for toddlers. It's simply singing and dancing with VERY simple backgrounds, and my son loves it! (I wish I had half of the Wiggles' energy! :) At the end it has a portion from a live performance (I'll asterisk the songs from that portion).Songs on this DVD:Get Ready to WiggleHere Comes a BearCaptain FeatherswordUncle Noah's ArkPoniesDorothy the DinosaurWhenever I Hear This MusicHenry the OctopusRock-A-Bye Your BearI Love it When it RainsQuack QuackMarching AlongDorothy's Birthday PartyWave to Wags the Dog*Five Little Ducks*Dorothy -- Would You Like to Dance*Medley* (Snippets of Fruit Salad, Hot Potato, Point your Fingers and Do the Twist, etc.)
Your little one's gonna loooooove it!: I'm totally satisfied with this dvd. I bought several wiggles at a time. and this! this is the one of best dvd to me and my little girl(22 mos old). 'Rock-a-bye your bear','Here comes a bear','uncle noah's ark','Quack quack' are my daughter's favorite. I'm sure this is also top dvd of tots. Moreover, there are three live songs - 'wave to wags', 'five little ducks(sung by murray), 'wiggle medley(?)'.I fell in love with these guys and their passion for tots. I really appreciate their efforts and what they've done. Every moms should buy this for their little ones.
Not Lisa Papineau's Pet: Don't make the same mistake i did. Even though this "band" is named Pet. It isn't the same band that sang "Lil Boots". This "Pet" is a horrible britpop male fronted band not fit to shine Lisa Papineau's boots. This cd is dated 2004, years after the real Pet broke up. You've been warned.
Quirky and Delightful: "The Artful Egg" is one of the very entertaining books in McClure's unique Kramer & Zondi series. These novels revolve around the exploits of two irreverent South African police detectives, one black and one white. "The Song Dog" is cited by many reviewers as McClure's best book in the series, but "The Artful Egg", written in 1984, is also a delight. Two different murders, some very playful dialogue, absurd scenarios, clever plotting, and a confused and sexually frustrated Indian postman who likens himself to Sherlock Holmes, help to give the book plenty of twists and local color. A thoroughly enjoyable read.
I am disappointed: I feel nothing but disappointed...I was expecting to watch some essences of Academy Award show for last 30 years, but I got nothing but the shortfilm of nominated movies...Totally different to what I expect..If you have same expectation as me, which is just to watch the "orginal" award show and their acceptance speeches, DON'T BUY IT
Meh...: As somewhat of an Oscar historian, I found this rather uninteresting. I donated it to my local library. Almost nobody checks it out.
Great knife: I work in a large format print shop and have one of these in my hands for several hours a day cutting through all kinds of different substrates and materials. This knife if extremely durable and well built. I've owned several big name brand knives that were similar, but this one seems to be the best! Great product!
Another great one!: Love that Doc Ford character! This story kept a steady, action filled pace. The technical details were very accurate and imaginative. White never fails to entertain
Product as described: I like this product. Fast shipment. The Scrimshaw Ship emblem is very nice. Due to the slight movement of the lid I could not gave a 5 stars.
great source of gay worship material: If you are a Unitarian Universalist minister, this should be on your required reading list. It contains so many good stories that make gay-lesbian history and sociology accessible to straight people. Great source of readings and sermon ideas.
OK, except for the ugly puppets: My 2-year-old son loves the wiggles & likes this video a lot. There are enough catchy songs on it. The only thing we didn't like were the 2 segments that had those awful looking puppets. Although it didn't seem to scare my toddler, I skip those parts anyway because I can't stand looking at them & hearing the voice they used for the music (high-pitch---sounds like it was being fast-forwarded).Anyway, still a good addition to our Wiggles collection.
This is a kooky video but your kids will probably love it.: My three-year-old daughter loves this video and asks to watch it over and over. Although most adults think the Monkey Dance is the best song, it isn't even her favorite. She likes the puppets, although I can see why another reviewer's son thought they were scary. I thought this was going to be a dud after the first viewing, but was surprised by how much my daughter has grown to love it. I am back to buy the Wiggle Time video for her tonight.
Wow!!! I became a Wiggles fan! Puppets are great!: This is the first Wiggles DVD I got for my 28 month twin sons. We heard of Wiggles before, yet never heard their songs. I got this DVD at the store, and after reading the reviews here about scary puppets I thought of returning it. I am so glad I did not! The songs are so catchy and so much fun! I have to admit I love watching this video as much as my boys do! One of my sons is very sensitive and often gets upset and cries when he sees some characters in other children's DVDs (Santa Claus and the boy singing "Oh, Susanna" are the big offenders). However, he loves the Wiggles puppets! They are cute, not at all scary! We have a large collection of children's DVDs of all sorts and this Wiggles DVD is one of the most watched. Highly recommend!!!!
Musee D'Orsay Sculpture -- A rare find: For those who have visited the Musee D'Orsay in Paris, this book will be a wonderful reminder of one of the finest museums in the world. For those who have not yet had that pleasure, the book will be an encouragement. In either case, the book stands on it's own as an aesthically beautiful addition to the art lover's library. Filled with quality photographs of many of the fine 19th Century Romantic sculptures, it's fuel for the Romantic soul.
crap...fell apart very quickly: It didn't last very long at all. My dog chewed it right up, not tough at all. I would have returned it, but it was shredded all over the backyard.
The basics of painting clearly explained: Like others in the step-by-step art book series, this book boils down the basics, and presents with a range of painting styles. Admittedly, there's a lot of useful information that's not in this book. Some artists may not agree with some of the suggestions, and the demo paintings are also rather simplistic or abstract, but there's a reason why there are books for beginners, intermediate, advanced, and for various specialties. This one's for beginners, and is a good one at that. There's probably more than enough here to for a new painter. It's a fairly quick read, but it clearly explains and demonstrates several helpful techniques that other beginner books gloss over or skip completely (glazing, drybrush, scrafitto, etc.). If you want more suggestions on other art books, check my other reviews.
Inspiring, endearing, heart warming: This production is so awesome we can't stop watching it over and over. It is one of the finest vocal performances I have ever seen.
WOULD NOT WORK: from some other country. Out of my ZONE????? Remember these days to see what ZONE OR COUNTRY it plays in.
Les Miserables 25th Anniversary DVD: This is absolutely wonderful! The cast that performed did a very good job, particularly Jean V. It was great when the 2 London casts and the original cast performed together.
Simply Beautiful: I had originally seen this DVD on PBS so I knew exactly what I was getting. I was enchanted with this DVD. Having seen the original theater production, I feel this version contains all the highlights and then some. It has proven a wonderful introduction to this kind of theater for my two grandsons, ages 12 and 9. The segment at the end showing many of the original cast members is thrilling to watch. The camaraderie and love shared is outstanding.
Very good performances: For those who are new to LM, and even for those who have followed it from the beginning, this is a good addition to the library. Very enjoyable, and as mentioned everyone gives a very good performance, with special shout out to Alfie Boe; gives Colm Wilkinson a run for his money; well done. Nick Jonas is obviously miscast and way out of his league, but not as bad as some reviewers state. Also like Salonga better as Eponine. The encore, with the 4 Valjean's and other members of the original cast such as the great Michael Ball, is nothing short of fantastic. Having said that...........as good as this is, if you don't already own it, go out and buy the 10th Anniversary DVD. The 25th is very good, but the 10th was just flat out Great and superior in every way IMHO. Nothing negative on the 25th, it's just there is a difference between being very good and being great. And the 10th is GREAT. Either way, enjoyed this version.
Les Miserables: The 25th Anniversary Concert: This is an EXCELLENT production! I saw it on PBS and had to have a copy for myself. The musical talent assembled is superb. I highly recommend it!
Wonderful masterpiece!: Never saw this musical. Recently I watched movie and then bought this Blue Ray DVD. I watched it immediately when got it yesterday and feel it is a wonderful masterpiece to keep for whole life. I'm thinking to buy more as gifts to the friends.Delivery is so fast. It only took one day. The DVD quality is very good. Thank you.
Pure Enjoyment: This is an incredible, enjoyable DVD. I have it in my own library and have purchased it for a friend as a Christmas present. What a way to spend a few hours of complete enjoyment.KathleenW - Omaha, NE
The Very Best: This is the most wonderful tribute and concert that honors perhaps the best show that has ever been produced on Broadway. Do not miss this if you enjoyed the show - or even if you haven't seen the show.
Disappointing.: Get the 10th Anniversary Edition. Nick Jonas is really miscast. The audio mix on "One Day More" is inexcusably bad. Remember, it's about the music and the story, not the lighting and effects. Alfie Boe is does great as Jean Valjean.
An excellent production, with only a few caveats: A clearly exciting night and a truly enjoyable concert style performance of Les Miserables. Much has been made in the commentary about the miscasting of Nick Jonas, and there is much to be said on that -- though it is also worth noting that Jonas played in Les Miserable's original Broadway run back in 2003, playing Gavroche, so I was willing to cut him a bit of slack. That said, lacking the controlled diaphragm of the rest of the cast made him stand out for his lacks, sadly.Beyond that, while there was perhaps too much hamminess in some of the emoting, it was in the end an extraordinary production. If you like this musical (or just the music from it), this would be a good choice. If you aren't familiar, the 10th anniversary is probably a better choice as a start.
It ain't over 'til everybody sings: Simply wonderful version of the Victor Hugo classic. Small warning, longest curtain in theatrical history. Everybody but the janitor takes a bow and even he may have been in there somewhere. But if you are a Les Miz fan you will love this 25th anniversary concert DVD from the O2.
ldefective CDs: lucy johnson--this CD was Completely blank, as were two copies of BRING HIM HOME--THE VALJEAN QUARTET.I was very disapponted, because I had looked forwaard tp them.
A Fun Show: :) I really enjoyed this show!!! I have to say that Alfie Boe as Val Jean was great. Though Nick Jonas seemed a little uncertain at times, I did enjoy him as Marius. I've seen the 10th Anniversary DVD and I liked this one better simply because they chose to act out the whole musical throughout the concert, not just sing the songs. It helped fill in the gaps for me. Since I've not been able to afford to go to the theater to see this wonderful musical, it was a blessing for me to be able to see it through this format. I guess if you were a real critic, you could find stuff to be at fault in this rendition, but I just enjoyed the music, and the chance to see the whole musical on screen. I've even got my boys singing some of the songs with me, especially 'One More Day'. I hope to see them do this with more broadway musicals. It is a wonderful format to bring the musical theater to those of us who can't afford to go ourselves. Thanks!!!
the best musical: les miserable is the best musical concert in my humble opinion, very christian plot, talks about grace, redemption, love, self sacrifice and not to mention awesome vocals and orchestra. a must see!
Great Cord: Great cord, gets the job done. YES! your ipod can play on your TV with this simple cord. With all of the programs out there to rip videos off of youtube, hulu, and other sites, and then a program to convert to iPod format, you can hold all of your TV shows, DVDs, and other things on your iPod and then watch them on your TV for FREE! Or you can pay iTunes for content in which case this little cord still comes in quite handy.
What Century Is This?: So I don't know if this concept is floated much in these types of reviews, but in general, I think it is safe to say one-sided sex sucks. There - I said it.I had the misfortune of reading two of White's books (bought them together - never again). Winds and Skin Deep. I was disappointed in both for exactly the same reasons:1.Absolutely no point/catharsis for the reader/protaganists.2.One-sided sex, i.e. let me get you off and don't you worry your pretty little head about me.This author writes absolute rubbish, and subscribes to some archaic concept of top vs. bottom that I associate with the outdated notion of role playing and gender stereotypes. And to be perfectly frank, it wasn't even particularly well written one-sided sex.
not like the pic: this item is not at all like what is shown in the picture at all. my mom still put it down on the floor, but now she is removing it and putting down purgo.
Boy, what a dissapointment!: I've often had mixed feelings about Skye's voice... sometimes it seemed almost too tailored for the band's grooves. Jeez, I really miss her soothing voice now. The new singer just does not fit in my mental image of what Morcheeba's music was. Oh, and the music... well, it sounds like a revival of bad movies from the '70s. Too loud, too... what's the word, too harsh and un-produced.Oh well, another good band goes down. Hey, at least we had a few good albums already.
Not what I wanted: I want to like this album, I know bands have to grow and evolve, but I cannot get past the new vocal. I feel bad, but I just can't. I also think the writing is pretty poor. I hope there are people out there that can vibe on this, but I'm not one of them.
The day trip-hop died...: People ordering this should know that Skye, the singer of the past Morcheeba albums, is not on this record. The two men who started the band got a new singer, who just isn't as special, and now the band sounds like a lot of other bands (unfortunately). With Skye gone they just don't stand out from the rest. :-(
this was the kind of sound that drew me to Morcheeba...in the first place: All these poor reviews, this singer is the exact sound that just kept bringing me back to Morcheeba, after previewing other albums, this is the one that makes me listen to Morcheeba, especially the song Wonders Never Cease. Skip the reviews and listen to the music all you newcomers.
This is the last one i purchase of Morcheeba...: This is the last one i purchase of Morcheeba, without listening to it first. Agreeing with some of previous reviewers, the sound is not BIG CALM, nor is it WHO CAN YOU TRUST?. It's different. I purchased the CD, without listening to it first. This was after hearing the other two mentioned above. I was surprised, not in a good way and disappointed that the heart and soul sound of Skye was missing. I gave the CD away. Some may like the new singer. I'll pass.
Don't expect the same old Morcheeba: Don't expect the same old Morcheeba with this new CD. Yes, Daisy makes the band sound quite different from Skye. When one replaces the most visible element of a band, it's going to sound different. I've even read somewhere that the band is now starting to be compared to Swing Out Sister. I am a fan of S.O.S., and I don't particularly see it, but yes, the band sounds more "Adult Alternative" as opposed to "Funk/Trip Hop." Very few bands change their most obvious elements without angering their fanbases. I can only think of Depeche Mode and Joy Division/New Order as examples.
Skye's my limit: I was so excited that a new Morcheeba album was out that I didn't take the time to read any reviews. I was expecting Skye because why wouldn't you? She was not only the lead singer, she also wrote a good number of their songs. This album wouldn't be terrible if it was recorded under a different name, but this is in no way a Morcheeba album. As Morcheeba this album makes no sense. Please, someone tell me Skye has something solo coming out. Some bands are better starting over than trying to re-invent themselves when they lose their most important component.
The Flower Farmer is complete: Lynn Byczynski's book is terrific! It has all the information that you need to pursue a career as a flower farmer. It has given me the information that I was seeking to make a career change and become a farmer's market flower grower. Especially appreciated the "Source and references" section.
Good marketing, bad book: The "rave" reviews here sound like industry blurbs, and there isn't anything really new worth your money. My mom gave it to me, and I'm going to keep it only to recycle as a "duty" gift this Christmas. And in case no one else has pointed it out, "simply grande" is an oxymoron.
It was not a leather band watch: The seller publish a leather band watch but it was a stainless steel band. When I has informed this mistake the seller has informed that it did not have the leather band model in stock and, if I would like, I could return the item. I was in a business trip with no time to proceed like this, so I decided to keep the watch. But I'm boring about this.
Worth your $6.62: Certainly, a lot of the stuff on here is expendable, but for the 9 or 10 songs that are great, it's an amazing deal for $6.62.If you liked the Holly Golightly appearance on "RFTC," you'll be happy with her guest vocals on four songs on this disc.Great cover of a Real Kids song. Why isn't "Tarzan" a million-seller? It's RFTC at their best.
Engaging little ones & peeking interest in letters and sounds: I am an educator and bought this video to help get my 2 1/2 year old interested in learning her letters. She loves to music and enjoys singing,so I thought I would buy it for long car rides. Within two weeks she knows all her letters and their sounds. I have corrected her on the L and R since they are not correct, but her interest is now high and she asks about letters all the time and when I ask her the sound they make, she tells me. She is also making good transfer of her new learning. If I ask her what letter does dog or wagon begin with and I slow down the first letter sound, she can tell the correct letter. I would highly recommend this as a tool, but encourage parents to work with their child also so they learn both upper and lower case letters and say the sounds correctly.
Best way to introduce letter sounds to your child: I am loving this video. It is a great introduction to letter sounds. My daughter started with this when she turned three. We have bought all the dvds in the series. We used these in conjunction with Hooked on Phonics, Bob Books and some Scholastic Readers. She is 4 now and was just evaluated and is reading at a first grade level. My two year old son who has a hard time talking loves this video. If you draw each letter he will tell you the sound that goes with each one. That blows me away and it is all thanks to this DVD.If you don't have it, get it. And don't worry about those reviewers who said it teaches incorrect sounds. It's just not a factor. This DVD works and my two kids are proof of it.
awesome!!!: My daughter learned all of her letters and their sounds within 1 week. She loved the video and watched it over and over. She wants to play word games all the time now. I think even as a parent it is one of the least annoying videos to have playing in the background, it was awesome for in the car too!!
Great Video: I purchased this DVD for my 22month and she loves this video. She watches in our vehicle on the way to daycare or where ever we go and she is mesmerized. She can now say all her letter and the sounds of the letters because of watching this video!! Thank you leap frog for this great video.. Would highly recommend.
The A says ahhhhhh: My class absolutely loves this video. We even sing the song during circle time along with flashcards. It is a great investment in a love and encouragement of learning and beginning reading. Way to go Leapfrog. I will be purchasing more of your products for my class.
LEAP FROG IS THE BEST LEARNING SYSTEM: I ALWAYS LOOK FOR LEAP FROG PRODUCT, SOME TOO EXPENSIVE BUT WHAT A MOTHER TO DO, NOT LIKE THEY ARE GOING TO GIVE YOU AN DISCOUNT, SO I SAVE UNTIL I CAN AFFORD IT.THE BEST LEARNING SYSTEM, JUST BUY IT YOUR CHILDREN WILL BE WITH IT FROM BEGINNING TO END.
Visually overstimulating, contrived story and phonemic mistakes: This DVD is not one of the better learning tools out there. The audio and visuals are overstimulating and distracting from the message, the story line is contrived and hard for little ones to follow and the characters pronounce the letters incorrectly in many cases.I can see that it might be entertaining for some kids, if they are used to fast pace animation and the unfortunate jump-cut editing pervasive in children's programming. But my 2.5-year-old was bored with it and didn't want to watch it again. He enjoys story-based programs (Curious George, Little Polar Bear, etc.) and lesson-based programs (Brainy Baby ABCs), so it's not a matter of his not being able to follow along. I think it was just too much unnecessary noise and action.
Excellent: Love this movie! My 3 yr old boy would watch this daily if we let him. Great learning tool!
Awesome video: My 2 year old loves this video. He was mesmorized the first time he saw it and insisted on watching it 3 times in a row. He already knew all of his letters, but didn't know the sounds yet. This video does a great job of teaching the sounds. Along with the catchy songs, each letter does something that helps them remember the sound. I can't wait to check out Leapfrog Talking Word Factory next.
Great DVD!: My 2 year old son loves this video. He is currently in speech therapy because he was not talking much. Just in the past month his language has exploded and this DVD has taught him all of the letters and what sound they make. The repetitive use of the song and the visuals make learning fun and easy for a child of any age!
Great learning DVD: My two girls love this new DVD! My 4 year old knows all of the sounds of the letters in the alphabet within only a few times of watching it. My 2 year old is learning too & ask for "froggy" movie by name. This DVD has been a great purchase for us!
most pain free way to learn sounds of the alphabet : ): I got this DVD for my son's 3rd birthday and he loves it. He watches it over and over again and now I'm proud to say that he's learned all his sounds.
Love this DVD: Great DVD! My 2 1/2 year old daughter is really into the ABC's and loves this DVD. It helps reinforce letter sounds I have taught her.
The absolute best: I absolutely love this DVD and cannot say enough about it. I've spent hundreds of dollars on toys, dvd's and other systems to help my child read. Although my daughter is only two, I've always put a lot of emphasis on her education. I bought the "My Baby Can Read system" and this DVD, by far, outweighs all the benefits of my baby can read. Why? Because it's almost effortless. All you have to do is put the DVD on and they're hooked. My two yo knows her ABC's from A-Z and, I learned today, that she can IDENTIFY the letters when asked, on a chart. I was amazed; I didn't even know she could do that! For under $10, I have laid down a great foundation for my child and I could not be more proud.
ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS!!!!!!: My son is 20 months and has been watching The Letter Factory for 3 weeks now and yesterday he went through his entire alphabet book and named each letter except 2 of them for which he only gave the sounds that they make. This DVD is absolutely wonderful!
Good ScreenSaver: It served its uses until I lost it. Was hoping for a future version where you can somehow attach it to your computer so that you won't forget it when packing up etc.
Duped!: I bought this DVD because it had what looked like a History Channel logo on the front and as such I assumed it was another one of their outstandings series. Boy was I wrong! It's a series from the 50s or 60s with lame graphics and commentary. It has decent real-life video, but I expected so much more for my money. I'd send it back, but since it is already opened I'm sure they would not accept it. Plus it's not worth my time and effort. Don't buy this DVD because it's just not very good.
Good scholarship, bad conclusions: Herman just close his eyes for many of the propphetic pessimistic insights that he criticizes.The rich nations of the world are acting like ancient usurers, lending money to the desperate poor on terms that cannot possibly be met and, thus, steadily acquiring more and more control over the lives and assets of the poor.But, are basic rights of human existence confined to those civilized societies wealthy enough to afford them? Everyone's values are defined by what they will tolerate when it is done to others.Civilization is a movement and not a condition, a voyage and not a harbor. - Arnold Toynbee
Works great, supports jumbo frames: I'm a big fan of SMC products and this one is no exception. For a little bit more money than their competitors they give you a more solid, more capable product. In this case, it is support for jumbo frames that sets them apart. Jumbo frames are longer-than-normal data packets that really cut down on overhead and are really needed to take full advantage of Gigabit Ethernet. SMC supports them, but as far as I know Linksys, D-Link, Netgear, etc. do not.In any case, this was easy plug-and-play on my Windows 2000 machine, and now it is happily serving files over the network almost as fast as it serves files on the local machine. Highly recommended.
Great ideas: Very helpful, good examples to follow .Plan to add some of theses details to my future projects.Can't wait to show my students and see how they uses these in their projects .
Cheaply made: The belt is cheaply made with a very thin leather vineer over a fiber composit core. It will not hold up. The buckle slot was not cut as shown in photo.
Get what you pay for: I bought this for a Halloween costume, which was good because after 3 uses this belt started to fall apart. I just want to warn people out there that if you are looking to use a belt everyday, do not get this belt.
False advertising: The description says 100% leather. I was so shocked at how cheap it felt that I cut it in two to see what it was made of. It's a layer less than a millimeter thick of what is probably faux leather. The rest of the thickness of the belt is something that looks like compressed dryer lint. It includes tiny pieces of colored thread and I even found a shred of silver mylar. THIS BELT IS LITERALLY MADE OF TRASH.Also, it did NOT come with a buckle, as the selection said it would.
Basic Belt, Strong Smell: This Beltmasters Brown Leather Belt is fairly low quality and has a very strong chemical smell that persists even after letting it air out.The sizing was accurate and the snaps are strong enough to hold my rather large metal buckle, but will look for another alternative the next time I need a belt.CFH
not bad: this belt seems to be cheep and the clasp seems to undo easier than I think it should. at time my buckle falls off. had to get a better one
Simply Beautiful: This lamp is just beautiful. I bout 2 of them for behind my sofa and they make the room even more gorgeous. The quality is very good. The only problem I have is with the lamp shades not staying straight/even but it's not that big of a deal
Inspirational & different.: Guidance to not only healthier lifestyle, but the whole body/spirit/mind connection. Easy and powerful read, saturated with poignant quotes. Proved to be very helpful while dealing with illness in the family. Highly recommended.
Hal Lindsey could have ghost written this: I read the book and find it to be intellectually dishonest. After a bit of research I found that I wasn't alone.
Memory upgrade: We bought these to upgrade a couple of older Dell computers... waste of money. The computers would not address the memory and caused nothing but grief!
Clumsy: Lousy movie. Almost as bad as Lost in Space. I found it very amateurish - particularly the unsubtle operatic opening - and sunk with the weight of its own pretensions. I was a big De Niro fan after Godfather 2 and he's probably the only interesting thing about this movie. But I couldn't stand the little guy who swears a lot. Watching this movie was like being hit in the head repeatedly with a sock full of vomit. If it's a good boxing movie you're after try Fat City. Guaranteed no pretensions. And no overeating.
I did like the special feature disk: Deniro is one of the best actors of all time. Most all of Scorcese's films are jewels. But...I couldn't get through this film in one sitting. An overdose. The script seemed ad-libed and overfull. It was boring. It was depressing from start to finish with no sense of salvation for any of the characters, nor did they deserve it.I bought the special edition and absolutely enjoyed the special features, though it won't drive me back to watch the film again."Mean Streets" and "Taxi Driver" did the same thing to me,,so perhaps I'm peculiar.
Amazing: This one of my favorite movies. This movie proves that Robert De Niro is the greatest actor of all time. If you are a movie fan and you haven't seen this movie you are a f***in' moron like Joey would say. I give it 10 stars if I could
Why is this out of print!????: One of the greatest movies ever made is no longer available on DVD. Hopefully it will be re-released sometime soon, but I have heard no future release dates.
Excellent!: This is more than a 'sports' movie. Robert De Niro's Oscar performance as Jake LaMotta is still one of the best movies made. Scorsese helped bring out a very human side of a temperamental boxer who can't keep it together. The trouble in his personal life soon spills over into the ring. Cathy Moriarty and Joe Pesci also give wonderful talent to this story. The crumbling relationship between the brothers is especially heartbreaking when we realize Joey seems to be the last thin thread keeping LaMotta from unraveling. When that thread is lost, all hope for the brother's emotional recovery is lost as well.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
Please, mum, can I have some more?: This is a fabulous recording, finally available on CD! Lorraine Duisit plays a variety of stringed instruments and plays them really well. Tom Espinola is a fine player as well. I loved Lorraine in the band Trapezoid. Here she plays w wide breadth of music im the same vein. My only wish is that she sing a little more.
noisy and important: a noisy little thing, you need one for every lens. cause its a help of a job to remove it from a lens to another.
Didn't give me much guidance: I was really disappointed with this book. It was basically a psychology book masquerading as an advice book.I already have a very good idea why the toxic people around me behave as they do, and I do not think that it is my job to coddle them and condone their rude, selfish behavior. There is no excuse for them refusing to do something about their problems.What I wanted was tips on how to cope with them and minimize the damage to me, not tips on how to feel all sorry for them when I probably have much worse problems than they do. I spend a lot of money and put a lot of effort into being the best person I can be, and they could do the same if they wanted to.I really wanted my money back for this book. What a waste !
Disaster: The cap came broke, it keeps spraying without pressing anything, I did not like the smell either, and the seller Tuccini the worst, they did not exchange it or authorized the return, a nightmare.
Berzerk Fury ultimate X: Out of all the zoids I have (thirty or so)the Berzerk fury is my second favorite (next to Geno breaker)I like it's size,complexityand the fact that it's an ultimate X zoid.It has an excellent color scheme.Pale lavender armor and silver teeth,claws,and blades over a dark gray and black body.The only gripe I have the that the blades are rubber and not plastic but I guess hasbro did the to keep the blades from breaking.Overall a great zoid model that no collection should be without.But I don't recomend it if you are an amatuar at model construction because some parts are very easy to break
This is truly the ultimate X: Though its eyes doesn't light-up like the Geno-Breaker or roar like Liger 0(uncertain on both info.)its still the best zoid. You would be busy for quite a while building it, but your effort is worth it especially with it Charge Particle motion, but its walking is kind of pathetic since its difficult to balance and it moves kind of slow than what I expected.Side info:The only reason fury lost was because it didn't have much battle as liger 0 not giving the expierence to reach its unlimited potential
A very chalenging zoid: This was the most chalenging zoid for me to build. It might take you a long time to finish it but it is still a lot of fun to build and after it is finished. You will lose your mind when you can't get the bottom jaw part to stay together( I know I did). Here's a tip; if you are new at building zoids, don't get this first thing. Start with the small zoids, aka, the basics( like the gun sniper, revraptor...) ten move to the medium , then to the larger. All in all, this is a great zoid. I hope this revew helped you.
blahblahblah: this zoid was very hard to biuld but well worth itit has 2 modes1)is walking mode it walks just like a regular zoid and its tail moves2)ion gun mode when u put it in this mode the vents on the tail open up and the head straitens and the barrel comes out of its mouthits a very cool zoid and i would recomend getting it
Get "Early" Before It's Too Late: Phil Woods' "Early Quintets" features selections from two different sessions, neither of which were originally even led by the alto saxophonist. The first four tracks are actually from a Jimmy Raney-led session from August 11, 1954 with trumpeter John Wilson, bassist Bill Crow and drummer Joe Morello (pre-Dave Brubeck fame) joining Raney (guitar) and Woods. Tracks 5-8 are from a March 3, 1959 Dick Hyman-led session featuring Howard McGhee on trumpet, Teddy Kotick on bass and Roy Haynes on drums joining Hyman (piano) and Woods. This disc is enjoyable, but is clearly for serious fans only, who by the way should not be late in buying "Early" as it is going out-of-print.
very diappointed: The author expresses his oppinion about preachers and teachers from the beginning of the book however he doesn't seem to distinguish that it is men only who are called to be preachers and teachers therefore a person who believes this idea has a cheap ideal of christ and his headship and between male and female which is a shame.
Excellent book for beginning preachers: This is an excellent book for any man who is interested in preaching the word of God accurately to the church. The simple structure that Robinson brings to the reader is easy to understand and a wonderful method of sermon preparation and communication.
Traditional Sermon-Preparation Revisited: Haddon Robinson presents one of the evangelical classics on preaching. The work represents the sum total of the traditional methods of homiletics and does it in a manner that will resonate with many expository preachers. For the most part, the work introduces little new information, but certainly does an excellent job repackaging the material for the modern expositor. Some of the new topics include the concept of a inductive message, which is still quite new for most preachers in conservative circles. Another helpful item in this work is its structure. The structure of the entire book is designed to give the expositor a number of stages to mark the progression from the text to the sermon. As a helpful secondary source, I would also recommend Bryan Chapell'sChrist-Centered Preaching: Redeeming the Expository Sermon.
One of the Worst Books I ever read: What happend to the wonderful characters of Midnight like the Lady Chablis it appears Mr. Berendt is truly ONE HIT WONDER....What shame....I think his luck has run dry...Perhaps the Lady was his lucky charm
NOT - Midnight in the Graden of Good and Evil: The premise of the book is good. But - Berendt fails to pull off the the connecting of rich characters around a central theme he did so successfully with Midnight. The book lacks continuity and lacks a beginning a middle and an end. One gets the impression that he took the template of Midnight and trys to fit Angels within the same format. He does not pull it off. The book is not quite a travel log, it's not quite a mystery and it fails to demonstrate investigative prowess. I was suspect of his ability to get the provincial Venitians to bare their souls to him. The book ends with a thud. If you start it and think it is worth sticking with against the hope that he pulls it all together with a climactic ending, you'll be disapponted .
Another City - no angels: It just didn't do it for me. Like so many other people, I loved Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. It was such a rich, unexpected book and came alive in the reading. But, I fear John Berendt had only one in him - one great story. He found a crime and a city and another series of characters, but he just didn't find the magic.Good writing? Yes. Interesting characters? Somewhat. Compelling plot? No.Maybe it's just that he tried too hard to make Venice new to his readers. Maybe he tried too hard to replicate the formula and twists of Midnight, even though reality didn't afford him similarities to work with. Maybe he just tried too hard.
from a Venice lover: I anxiously awaited this book because The Garden of Good & Evil was a blast and had such a wonderful flow. This one feels a little clumsier and contrived but since Venice is one of my favorite cities, it kept my interest. I'm giving it a four because I consider Berendt a fine writer but wish he had cooked up a jucier plot.
Audio Book: John Berendt is a wonderful writer. It is a damn shame that a wonderful reader could not be found to perform the audio book version of "The City of Falling Angels". Holter Graham (the reader) has a breathy, distracting, sing-song voice that made me want to stab myself with a fork. I couldn't get past disc 3, despite being interested in the story. Don't bother with this audio book unless you can tolerate a whispery 90's performance poet in your ear for 13 endless hours.
A Venice Root Canal: The author's more famous "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" is a great accomplishment, on the knife's edge between extraordinary and over-the-top. "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" stops a hair's breadth from being over-the-top---which is precisely what makes it brilliant.The "City of Falling Angels is well "over-the-top", meaning pretentious, excessive, non-credible, and offensive---except possibly for readers with a sick interest in the vulgar vulgar rich.
Meandering.: Meandering but not in the same interesting way of the Venetian alleyways. Sorry, but if it hadn't had the name Berendt attached, I wouldn't have read more than 50 pages. I kept hoping for the book to deliver. It did not. And I'm sad to have had to write that. I had such high hopes when I cracked the book open.
Still the definitive work: Backed into finding out about this book through the reference section in a Hemisynch/Holosynch Brain entrainment audio article. This is a great reference even though it is over twenty years since the last printing. I have just ordered another copy to ensure that I'll always have one around for reference. Superb job of covering the material. Yes the pictures are dated but, if you use this book as a starting point, the techniqes and machines that he discusses are still available and the staying power validates some of the viability of the techniques/instruments. I am on my second time through it because it is a lot to absorb and it is a compelling read.
died: bought the kettle about 6 months ago. It served me well and i really liked it only after those 6 months, the ON/OFF switch suddenly died!
a nice electric kettle: I bought this kettle a month ago, this is my second kettle. I have a smaller one with the same brand in my office and my officemates love it. It's quick and clean. low noise when it is running. I like white color so everything is going very well for this kettle
Works Great: Hi. Got this item for my kitchen and thought I would use it on the metal panel over my stove since so many of the reviews stated it doesn't hold on textured refrigerators (which I have). I found out the back of my stove is plastic and not metal so I tried the fridge. It holds great. Not sure what all the comments about it falling off a textured fridge are about but in my experience it holds nice and strong. I love it.
A piece of Junk: The unit skipped (screeching sounds) with brand new mp3's disks from day one. I had the unit serviced and the problem still remains. The problem is not the disks, but the unit since the cds work fine on my other player. Unlike every other boombox I have owned, the AC adaptor is on the plug and is enormous. The sound is only marginal. ...
mother/child necklace: Every mother needs a cameo of their child. It makes a great gift for a new mother. The quality of this product is very good.
Darn: compelling argument. Some other guy named Shakespeare wrote all that stuff but NOT the Shakespeare we know (or actually dont)
Don't waste your time: It's a miracle I finished watching this movie. This movie had so much potential to be such a heart wrenching tear jerker, but instead, with its choppy scenes, sub-par acting, random connections that are tied miserably to fate, etc. do nothing but jerk the watcher around as in a bumpy roller coaster ride of nonsense. I was truly disappointed.
Agatha Christie fan: I am a Agatha Christie fan and I am starting to replace books lost years ago in a flood.
poor quality: The books looks so so for dummeis who just starts creating web pages. Unfortunately it fails to deal with the major issues on dhtml. There are better materials online such as Danstein ,siteexpert and Webference. If you prefer the printed material, try the Danny Goodman's Dynamic HTML the Definite Guide'.
Stay clear of this one.: The following review refers to the 30th anniversary edition. I was expecting a lot from this edition, but after watching it I was very disappointed. In my opinion, the added footage doesn't really add anything to the movie. If anything, it detracts from it. The new music score is also very disappointing. Loud, overbearing, and totally out of place in this film. And I won't even go into how terrible the acting is in the new scenes. If you have never seen night of the living dead, I definitely don't recommend this version for your first viewing. Actually, I don't recommend this version at all. Stick to the original.
mike nelson rocks: we've all seen the movie and we all know colorization sucks, so the important thing here is Mike Nelson's commentary. i see a lot of people don't "get it", but if you're into Nelson's acerbic wit then you should enjoy this DVD. it does nothing to further your love foe NOTLD but it's plain funny. so piss on all these bad reviews, if your an MST:3K fan, please realize, these people take themselves WAY too seriously.
Sorry people,I HATED IT: Like the title says,I didn't find anything great about this movie,it was boring,dull and so weak that I fell asleep watching it.And no,I saw this long before I saw Resident Evil,which I found more entertaning then this.
George Romero has caught Lucasitis: Jesus Christ George! How many times are you going to re-re-re-re-release this movie? Their are as many versions of this movie floating around as their are Friday the 13th episodes. Quadruple dipping must be a George thing.
Zombie Film Classic: Awesome movie! Arguably one of the best zombie films out there. This will make a great addition to your collection
Whew, Amazon Really Has Made A Mess of This!: Why would Amazon lump all the reviews of the many editions of this movie together? Holy cow, what a mess! Who the hell knows what you're gonna wind up with, right?This review is for the "Special Collector's Edition" DVD. The sound and picture quality are excellent, you get some nice extras and there are not one, but two, audio commentaries available for your delight!! Now you can pick up little bits of wisdom that were previously unavailable. Yeah, the movie gets the royal treatment that it deserves. A winner in every sense.
The horror, the horror....: GOOD GOD! This is butchery! The added scenes were terrible! The music was absolutley asstacular! Why? Whyyyyyy? The only reason that I gave this movie a two was because it still contains some of the classic film. I'm suprised that the genius who thought up the idea to add those horrible scenes didn't just ditch the whole movie and just remake it starring that damn preacher.
Right off the Living Dead: I know this DVD sounds great from the description (added scenes, restored, 2 disc set etc.) but be warned, it's not the real thing. For a start the 15 minutes of added footage is NEWLY FILMED and awful. Not only that, it suffers from really bad lip-sync problems that make it practically unwatchable. Plus some original scenes have actually been removed. The other disc contains the un-butchered original but unfortunately has a new music score. Call me old fashioned, but I prefer the scratchy, corny original. Surely a Special Limited Edition should include the untouched original version ? ...If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Night of the Living Dead (Millennium Edition): This is by far the best copy on dvd of this movie. I was tempted in the past to buy this version but hesitated until I read other reviews on your website and decided to purchase this version after reading the high reviews. Being a big George Romero fan, I own other versions of this movie on dvd and vhs and always strive to get the best quality films I can. The Millennium Edition of this movie is the best money can buy.
NO 3-D FILM HAS EVER WORKED FOR ME ON TV!: Ok so JAWS 3, Friday The 13th 3, Freddy's Dead The Final Nightmare, Amityville 3-D, how many classic horror films have tried the 3-D thing.. and these actually TRIED to make it work.. thank god there are versions without the 3-d Effect.. BUT I can't get the glasses to work on my TV Set I think 3-d should stay in the theaters..AND my biggest complaint is this.. NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD was never meant to be a 3-D film so why make it into a 3-D film!the above mentioned films HAVE specific scenes designed and created for 3-D NOTLD didn'tBut yeah BUY THE MILLENIUM EDITION OF THIS FILM!
A Mishap Of Horror: Do yourself a favor and just buy the Millenium Edition. I made the mistake of buying this for the 15 minutes of "extra footage, the way the movie was meant to be made." Well, I was beyond disappointment. Besides contradicting the original film, if taken seriously as a part of the Living Dead Trilogy, it destroys "Dawn" and "Day" as well. Don't waste the money.
I couldn't get rid of this DVD fast enough!!!: This 30th Anniversary Edition is pathetic. New scenes were added, new music was added, the film was re-edited and changed. Each and every one of these things made it worse. Please search out the proper original version of this film that George A Romero directed. (try the Elite DVD for example) Avoid this one.
Total Immersion DVD: The visuals are very helpful. Along with the book, they make understanding this swim style a snap.
Swim made....easy!!!: I wondered why I would get so tired swimming, and I found out real quick when I watched this video.
Somewhat disappointed: I was surprised with this movie. The animation is still beautiful like all of the Barbie movies and Elena is a good role model, but I was disappointed with the plot and character development. In the past two movies Barbie must make sacrifices to save the land she loves, in this one all she has to do is be on somewhat good/bad terms with the other fairies in the school. I just didn't feel as if there was any growth in her character. Yes, she has many gifts - she is a very talented fairy but what does she do with them? She's also the only one who appears to know what is going on and how to the defeat the bad guy. I prefer the other 2 fairytopia movies.
Returned: I apparently ordered an incorrect size as the filter did not fit my car thus I returned it!
Don't Bother Buying this DVD: I purchased Dick Cavett's John Lennon and Yoko Ono interview and it was great. It was about an hour and a half of interview and performance material. I gained new insight about John and Yoko. So I bought Cavett's interview of Jimi Hendrix expecting something similar. The 15 minutes of glib questions by Cavett produced nothing new about Hendrix. Included in the DVD are a few minutes of Jimi playing at Woodstock. The rest of the DVD is mediocre at best.
2 minutes of Hexndrix: Theres hardly any Jimi Hendrix in this. I think except for the three songs theres maybe 2 full minutes of Hendrix on this. How sad, they should of teamed up with 'someone' else and tried to make a real special DVD. One thing I learned about Hendrix was how photogenic he could be on a set.
Very little Tom Hardy: I didn't like the movie and only bought it due to Tom Hardy being listed as an actor in the movie. He is lieterally in the movie for maybe 1 minute at most. Poor story, bad acting, crap movie.
Too chatty; no data, no drawings, poor bibliography.: If you have heard Weisman speak on NPR there is no reason to read this book. If you want to espouse the eco-cause you need to back up ideas for change with data, drawings, annotated biblography.For a journalist, Weisman is too uncritical in his analysis of the problems found at Gaviotas. There may be wonderful things happening in the llanos (especially the reforestation), but little of it seems capable of transfer to other settings. His anti-capitalist bias keeps him from doing cost/benefit thnking, much less analysis. Also, this has far too much "dialog" reporting, so that it is neither fiction nor journalism.
Amazing creativity!: This is a wonderful story that is so full of hope and creativity that you find it hard to believe that it is a true story taking place in a country that you find it very hard to believe that this could happen that country!A testimony to man's ingenuity with many lessons that we could apply here in the USA today! A story of regeneration that makes our current efforts in this country to develop sustainability look feeble!
So soft and all mine: I haven't had to wash it yet so I don't know how it'll be after that. Right now it's SO soft and warm. I cannot wait till winter starts and I get to cuddle under it. It's a little luxury in a mom's life right now.
a little small for a queen: This is a very nice blanket, very warm and looks great, I have it on a double bed which works great BUT I'm sure it would be too small for a queen.
A Gift From Afar: Have you ever experienced something that impacts you so profoundly that you cannot even visualize the words to describe it? This book is one such thing. Its messages are so clear and powerful that it seems they are messages we have known since the beginning of our existence. The messages are universal and timeless. They seem to come from some other place. This is a book that finds you. It is given to you from a stranger or pulls you to it at the bookstore. What you learn from this book are the things you need when you need them most. When I let the world tear me down and I feel lost. This puts everything in focus once again. If you want to experience something magical or need to be lifted up, then read this book. You will never forget it. I thank the person who gave this book to me.
Life-changing: This book was so amazing. It has changed my life in such a positive way. My thought life is the biggest contributor to my quality of life and up until this book, I had not realized how much control I can have over the direction it takes.
Have read it 3 times in 3 days!: I just ordered this book and absolutely love it. I've read the book all the way through every day for the last 3 days (takes me about an hour). A little longer if you read it aloud, which I *highly* encourage.This book is quoted by everyone and now I know why. It's great! A gem of pure distilled truth."You will be what you will to be."
Is this the full version?: I was expecting a book, not a pamphlet. Is this the concise, edited version? Or is this all there is to it?
This is a GREAT book: I love this book. It's really thought provoking. Allen does a wonderful job of proferring his insights on the power of thought. This book is not very long and can be read EASILY. It's concentrated insight.
A Mental Refresher: The book is small, yet, it is filled with mountains of self-help jewels. It is mind boggling at first, but, it is truth simplysaid. James Allen little book was so helpful to me I read it more than once. It is good reading and helpful advice. A real mental refresher. Once read, your life will never be the same.
Don't buy this particular edition!: The one star has NOTHING to do with the content of this wonderful publication, it goes without saying that anyone who has stumbled upon the genius of Allen's masterpiece knows full well that the truth is what it is, i.e. this book is sublime mastery. No, my one star simply refers to this DeVorss imprint, this veritable 'mini-book'. Sadly nowhere on the page was it explained that this was a MINI version, a pamphlet indeed. My advice, pay the extra 2~300 yen and get yourself a 'proper' copy - one that will stand up in your bookshelf. Thank you.
An inspiration to every thinking man: Small enough to carry in your pocket. Short enough to thumb to favorite passages easily. Powerful enough to withstand time and hold its own as one of the greatest motivational books every printed. `As a Man Thinketh' is a book that's price and size may make you suspect, but the words in this short book offer instant motivation and insight of the power of the mind.
A wake-up call to just about everyone: "As A Man Thinketh" should be on everyone's Short List of Must Reads.Inspiring, it clues the clueless into their personal responsibility in their life. I am not a pollyanna writer; I have also come from Rock Bottom, USA, nearly destitute. This book helped put me on the path to true success, prosperity, and sagacity.
Not worth it: I found the book to be cute at first, but it just keeps on piling up the fiction references. Imagine a world where everything fiction in our world existed, that's what this book is.Cute to begin with, but ultimately boring.
poor quality.: cheap and poor quality, looks very thin. I think it is the way waste moneyI would not buy it again.
PROMISE TECHNOLOGY FastTrakSX4060 4 Channel Ultra Ata Raid Controller: doesnt support slave drive's only mastersdoesnt support x64 vista promise thinks there above everyone else too cool to make drivers
Poor design: The hat looks nice, but the seam in the middle front of the hat is felt under the band, and makes the hat very uncomfortable to wear. Even after a short time, I end up with a red welt on my for-head from these caps, I would not recommend them.
not hot enough: This didn't work. I gave it as a gift and was called and told that the pizza was still frozen after 10 min in the oven. Not happy that I now have to take time to return and find a different pizza oven now.
My favorite romance to date!!: I read One Summer Night in 2 nights. I loved the characters and the tension between Jo and Kelly is delicious! The story is laugh out loud funny in places, erotic in others, and sad too in places. I loved the characters. The author does a great job of bringing you back to that-"so in lust you could die" feeling as well as the angst of trying not to fall in love and risk heartache.I will look for more of Gerri Hill's books. Highly recommended!!
Addicting: I have owned this book for two days and I have already read it twice. I stayed up until 3:00 a.m. last night reading this book, because I couldn't put it down. I was exhausted tonight, but I picked it up again and I again was engrossed. The characters were touching and real. I hope that Gerri Hill continues to write about Kelly and Jo!
fantastic!!!: I love this book!! Absolutely a keeper!! The length of time it for the book to get to me was very short. I am very satisfied
Good movie minus the pornography: Let's just call it what it is, most modern movies are basically pornographic because we've become desensitized and don't value sex anymore. That said, this is a great little movie and at least shows the consequences of promiscuous sex, unlike most American films which glorify it.
Recommend another book for novice: Dear fellow readers:I borrowed this book from a friend, who used it in a university course. It was said that the examples used in this book were not sufficient enough to get the grasp of the concepts. I am sorry to say that this is not the only problem with this book. Although this is very complete book from concept to application point of view, the problem lies with the road the authors have taken to explain those theories. The topics are simply skimmed over and not much elaboration given to both development of the equations and application of those equations. As mentioned above the examples did not clarify my confusion any further. This left me confused and not as clear a picture as I hoped to gather. Perhaps this book is best suited as a reference for a person who is well versed in this topic and not a novice.
This is the worst textboook I have ever read: This is literally the most useless text book I have ever encountered (and I really thought I had read the worst). It is COMPLETELY USELESS.It doesnt explain basic concepts and examples skip mutliple steps on their way to the solution. And by multiple I mean I cant follow them at all. Please, if you are a teacher, DO NOT use this book to teach Junior Meche's. Everyone in my class thinks this book sucks!
Donner Pass: I was just at Donner Pass. This movie is nothing like what really happened at Donner Pass
Definitely lives up to its name: So far I've only used these twice. Once for removing a splinter, and once for removing an ingrown hair. Never have these usually painful processes been so easy, simple and actually painless.
should have returned these...: i should have returned these. i don't like them at all. i love this brand but don't like this version at all.
Mind the point!: Excellent for removing ingrown hairs. You have to be mindful of where you grab the hair though. If you grab too high, the hair will break. So, I learned to adjust my grip and grab the hair using the wider part of the tweezer and it works out fine. Because the point is so sharp, you have to be careful not to jab yourself or you will be a good bit of bleeding so I found out the hard way. I definately recommend them to anyone who has problems with ingrown hairs.
Its hard to find a great pair of working tweezers: These tweezers work great, I have been searching for 15 yrs. for product that satisfied me. I have tried probably a dozen pairs and none seemed to last very long or allow me to get ahold of my fine facial hairs that grow wild where I least expect them to be. The older I get the harder it is to see and grab them and the more I seem to be getting them. It has a comfortable grip to it, which is also important do to my authritis in my hands /I am so glad I bought 3 pair, for home, for travel, and I gave one to my mother as a suprise (she likes hers too) yes I would buy this item again.Tweezerman Stainless Steel Ingrown Hair Splintertweeze
best tweezers every: i absolutely love these tweezers. they are extremely sharp which allows for precision removal of splinters and ingrown hairs. i also use it for eyebrow grooming because the fine point allows for single lash removal. (helps prevent pulling out too many at a time and creating a disaster) I have just ordered my third pair of these tweezers because I can't live without them!as stated below, the tweezers do not come with instructions. Thank goodness my education prepared me for the complicated task of using this tool... If you don't know how to use tweezers, you should probably stay away from this product. it is extremely sharp!
Frankenstein: This book was extremely difficult and hard to read-then I got past the first 5 pages. It was so interesting and really touching. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone and everyone! It really makes you think and it has a little bit of everything in it! I learned alot too. The only down side is that it was soo depressing! It really was! I would definitely recommend this book and don't be afraid to read this if you think it's too difficult, I'm 13!
A review of Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein.": We rate this book four star for a few reasons,which apply to how we understood the context of the story.The book gives you a good understanding of the emotions of the creature named Frankenstein. It brings you in to all the pain and misery that the creature suffered ever since he was created by Victor Frankenstein. This is a book that will affect your outlook on life and how you treat other people. It shows examples of many emotions such as curiousity, love, kindness, and revenge. We discovered the fatal mistakes of Victor Frankenstein, when he created his monster through the blindness of ambition. Though the story was of course at times suspenseful and violent, it is also a romantic love story between Victor and his adopted sister Elizabeth.
Interesting read: I read this novel as part of a personal challenge to read 100 top novels inspired by a friend's blog [...]. Frankenstein was the first book, and I think it was an interesting way to start this kind of challenge. I was interested in reading the book because I knew from my friend's blog posts that the book is completely different from the the movie interpretations of Frankenstein. I'm going to reread this book again in the future because I have a feeling it is one of those books that you get something different out of each time you read it.
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley: A great story about Frankenstein!I found it very interesting and easy to understand. It kept my interest and I felt compassion for Frankenstein. He did not asked to be created by Victor, but Victor wanted to come up with a new creation to man-kind. Then after Victor created this monster, he finally realized that it was a very bad mistake. "That is what got me hooked" Frankenstein was not known or understood by the villagers and the mean things they did to him was only because of the way he looked. This books makes you think about several things; one being don't creat something without putting a lot of thought into it, becuase it could seriously back fire on you and the pain you can bring to others as well as your self. And last don't judge someone by the way they look, because even Frankenstein had a heart that felt pain, anger, humility and sadness. Thank you. Joe Reaves.
The best classic: This was the best classic I ever read. It is SO much better than the movie. There were lots of boring parts. I was rushing through the book but when it was over I wanted to read it again.-reader, age 8
Reader beware your in for the dull trip of your life!: This is one book that you shouldn't even spend the light of day to even read. The reason towards this is because it was dull boring and put me to sleep. I had to read this for school and didn't think the beginng was so bad but then I hit the bad spot it was the worse thing I ever read. It has its good points but few of them. Just don't waste your time on this.
Kindle version of Frankenstein: I picked up this ebook for my Kindle, I've read the story before, but I needed a copy to carry around for school and reread. And it was free! But the lack of any basic formatting made me delete it right away. It takes almost no effort to put in chapter marks and a table of contents. But even forgiving that, paragraphs run together, there is no "white space" between chapters to make reading a little bit easier.I downloaded the text from a free web site, spent a few minutes doing basic formatting and poof! I've got a much nicer Kindle experience.
Pretty Good Work For A Teen-Ager: Frankenstein is a little book that is a very creditable effort for a nineteen-year-old author to have written. It is not a masterpiece, per se, and it bears almost no relation to the famous Universal films. The style is very 19th century, with florid prose, melodrama, and epistles, but it isn't boring (nor is it particularly scary). You'll be better off having read it than not, however, and it'll take a day at most.
"You break it, you bought it"...: ... you create it, you name it, or else.Shelley's Frankenstein is impressively written. Frankenstein is just so much more than a tale of a madman's obsession with his ambition and his creation of a monster. This novel encompasses human life and philosophy. Not only is this a story containing all elements of literature, it holds hidden meanings and truths that apply to life. An excellent job is done in tying the novel into other matters beyond the actual storyline. The message is relatable and interpretable, which makes for good discussion and meditation. This novel is a beautiful example of popular and debatable questions being aroused in the form of simple literature. The overall theme was clearly brought out through the text. This book has a purpose. While reading, one is taught that all actions have consequences. If you step out of bounds, you will pay. Frankenstein is truly a classic. If you have not read it, you are missing out.
An eye-opener: It often occurs that the movie version of a classic novel differs greatly from the book, but in this case the difference was astounding. The original B&W movie bears almost no resemblance at all to the book. The "monster" is actually benevolent and good-natured, and becomes violent only after being mistreated. The novel focuses much more on Dr. Frankenstein's personal struggles with his own actions. Worth reading just to set the record straight. (I read the Kindle German translation.)
A doctor who creates a monster from dead people: This book is about a doctor who creates a monster from dead people. The monster walked around at night. The towns people were frightened because the monster was ugly and different from them. When the towns people chased him with a bat, the monster became frightened and started to fight back.
It was a hard read: I got this on the Kindle. It's not an easy read, nor a happy one. It's filled with obsessive compulsion, depression, denial, murder, and God-playing by man. I found myself forwarding through it to get to the action. I know it's a classic, it's just not a writing style I'm used to. It's fun to say that I read it, but it wasn't a fun read. To each his own.
THE WRONG ITEM!!!!: I ORDERED THIS BOOK FOR A CLASS. AND WHEN I RECIEVED THE BOOK IT WAS THE WRONG VERSION WHEN IT WAS CLEARLY ADVERTISED AS THE CORRECT ITEM!!!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!
Its all good!!!: The book is good and I recommend people to read it. Make sure you read the introduction and preface; and also the Letters before you get to chapter one because if you don't you will get a bit confused in the story. The story was well written, but one thing is that it never mentions how he created the monster so it was a bit confusing. It is much different than what I thought Frankenstein was, or how they show him in TV shows or commercials. Other than that the story was good and I enjoyed reading it.
5 stars for all the SAT words: I recommend it to high school students seeking to improve vocabulary for the SAT. If you can read this book from cover to cover without looking up a single word in dictionary, you will do quite well on the verbal part of the SAT.By the way, story is pretty good too. Not the Hollywood version of "I have created a monster" thrill-ride but a close examination of how we ambitious humans tend to screw things up and in trying to fix it, we screw it up even more.Monster in the book is very eloquent and I got a big kick out of that.
Not brand new, when they said it was new.: The book (that was purchased) wasn't in the condition stated by the seller. I could have bought a better book with the price I paid for this book.
not good: If I did not have to read this for school I never would have read it. It was an interesting story line but horribly and not understandably written and is one of the worst books I have read in a while.
You've seen Karloff, now read the original: Once you read Shelley's classic you're going to scratch your head and wonder: Is this really the book that gave us the Karloff movie? Not to mention Herman Munster and Frankenberry. For over a century and half people have been cannibalizing this book for ideas, movies, other books, and products of every size, shape and type that our modern concept of Frankenstein holds little to no resemblence to the master work. While occasionally these bastardizations have had enjoyable results, like Young Frankenstein, it's criminal that so few people are unfamiliar with the source. Do yourself a favor and find out where it all came from. It's not nearly as creepy as you may think, but it's infinitely more thought provoking and it certainly doesn't hurt that this version is beautifully published at a very reasonable price.
Waste of Money: I ordered this book while I was taking psychology in college, but I rarely found a need to use it. I did very well with just the required text. It just felt nice to own for a sense of insurance or if you're having a hard time.
Great, classic first book you should have on the topic: Eliade's "Shamanism". Yeah, man. Probably the only book you'll need on the subject, unless you wish to probe ultra-deep. Like the book "What the Buddha Taught" by Rahula, this is a classic of erudition and scope. Indispensible.
I love this stuff: This is pricey but worth the money. It is light but penetrating. It has good staying power and, over time, seems to improve skin quality.
EXCELLENT: I highly recommend this seller! Item just as described and fast shipping!! A++++++++++++++ Mahaloz!!!
Awful: This book is chock full of arrogant, racist nonsense. No compelling evidence is provided to back up radical claims that purport to relieve colonial guilt but instead implicate the ravages of colonialism more vividly(read between the lines, of course).
Great music but check out MOSE ALLISON SINGS: I've owned this CD for years, but always thought the sound quality was rather poor (muddy). MOSE ALLISON SINGS, a 2006 RVG Remaster, is the exact same set of songs (I kid you not; go figure) with much-improved sound.
Quality is key: I wish I'd seen this site before I purchased this beloved classic. I wouldn't take this DVD from Alpha Video if they gave it away for free. They should be made to return the money of all who purchased it. I am sincere in stating that the picture/sound quality is less than a 3. The movie itself deserves so much better than this trash release. The one star I've given is only for the movie content(which itself is 5 star)
Tries but never gets off the ground.: First the film it's self. It just had too much to live up to. I always laugh a lot watching the first film. All involved were in top form. And were working from a great script. Grins are about all I get here. Everyone tries but the script is WEAK. Ms. Taylor was so beautiful that I enjoyed just watching her and Mr. Tracy was one of the VERY BEST there has ever been. But just that won't make up for the thin script. Now the DVD transfer. The color is so bad everything looks pastel when any color other than green can be decerned. I watched this on a home theatre system and the sound was nothing special but alright. On a regular t.v. it would be pretty sub-par.
don't buy Alpha Video products: I bought the movie Father's Little Dividend from Amazon made by Alpha Video. The picture was almost all bright light and the sound was terrible too. It was like a copy of a copy of a copy. I won't buy from Amazon again if I should receive another such poor quality product. I suggest to Amazon not to do business with Alpha Video.
BEWARE MADACY ENTERTAINMENT!!!: DO NOT buy this DVD. Another inferior product by Madacy: bleached out picture and tinny sound. Weren't DVD's supposed to be better quality than VHS?!?!
Bleh: How could she have gotten signed she can't carry on a tune if you want goot Brit Pop then buy STEPS they can actually sing. Don't buy this album ever. I regret that I did.
Dissapointed: I was SO dissapointed recieving my new Swan Lake DVD; a HD DVD....I have no HD DVD player and I did not notice that is was a HD movie......I really suggest that Amazon warn about the format - HD....who has a HD DVD player these days???
Another excellent book whose Kindle version is terrible!: I have had a copy of this book since I was 16. I have given it as gifts, and believe it to be one of the fundamental books that has changed science and the way we think of the world. As you can tell I love this book. However, the Kindle version is almost useless. The tables are not reproduced in any readable way, and there are none of the pictures that are needed to understand the text. eBooks like this do a tremendous disservice to the Kindle. This could be a wonderful resource to have on the Kindle, but no care was taken in the transcription, and to charge for this is an outrage. There is absolutely no way that I could recommend the Kindle version of this wonderful book.
Stopped working after a few plays...: Now granted we did get this used but the reason we bought it was bc my boyfriends game had stopped working. Then when he started playing this one it did the same thing. It must be in how they made the game bc it has happened with several.
*Kelly is the best!*: I LOVE this CD! This is Kelly at her best! She is beautiful, and she has a GREAT voice! My personal favorites are: Miss Independent, The Trouble With Love Is,Some Kind of Miracle, and What's Up Lonely. Kelly is going to be the new wholesome Britney Spears or Christina Aguliera. I like her 100% more than either of them. Watch out Britney & Christina! :)Luv ya Kelly!...A New Kelly Clarkson fan
Very Thankful!!: This CD is awesome. I was a little apprehensive wondering if we would end up with a CD full of "A moment like this" songs or not (not that I'm knocking that song either cause I liked it too). Kelly has an amazing vocal range and an ability to real you into her songs and style. Although the CD does jump around from Pop, to Blues to some R&B sounds, it is very tastefully done and the songs are awesome. I think they could have laid off the instrumental some and let her golden voice shine through more but I've listened to it from beginning to end and was not disappointed.Kelly is a very talented young woman and I'm glad to see her Freshman album be such a success. Shame on the Dallas radio station who said they couldn't stand "Miss Independent" because it wasn't "Kelly's" style... I've noticed that you are playing the song now - hmmm wonder if that has to do with it's success??!!Way to go Kelly! GREAT CD!!!!!
okay.....umm....this is beyond bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!: okay.....umm....this is beyond bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well when I thought things couldn't get worst. Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world's dumdest fake brunette. I've never liked Kelly Clarkson(then, why am I reviewing this)and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister. Kelly Clarkson in my opinioon is like the ulimate snob. when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have UGLY looks & no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself. She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show.Was this review helpful to you?
Thankful: I was very suprised by the ecclectic mix of styles on this album. From sultry to bluesy, from quiet sincerity and laid back subtlety to a funky rock flavor, her voice is amazing and versatile and the songs exhibit that. Awesome job....she rocks on this album!!!
Sick of R&B and Rap: I was expecting more in line of A Moment Like This - it was all R&B and Rap.Save your moneyDon't buy it.
Overrated: Kelly Clarkson is overrated. Sure, she has a nice singing voice, but so do a lot of people. Listen to this CD and you'll see that her voice really isn't that special.Not only that, but these songs are so boring! They are just overproduced pop songs. They sound like something Britney Spears would sing, but Kelly's not interesting enough to be the next Britney.
Not good!: Is this music screaming or singing? I am very unimpressed by her debut album. She has a fantastic voice and doesn't need to scream her lyrics. I would suggest she try to do less "hip hop" type music and more ballads. They better suit her voice. Overall, this is not a good debut. Sorry Kelly, you lost a fan.
Thank God for American Idol!!: If it weren't for that show (that I hardly watch), Kelly wouldn't be where she is today. On her debut album, she is absolutely amazing!! Her sound is a little Christina Aquilera, but she definately walks to her own beat. My favorite is Miss independent. Girly, edgy ,and hott! Buy this album along with her second, 'Behind these Hazel Eyes.'
This is why Kelly Won: Awesome cd. Well worth the wait. Nice mix of ballads and rock. Great duet on rocking song with fellow Idol Tamyra Gray. This is one cd you will want to keep in rotation on your player
Maybe the worst CD of all time: It is very sad indeed that this is what the world of music has come to. Take an overweight, pig faced waitress, stick her in clothes so tight that the Bun and Thigh master informercial becomes more profound, then have her screech her way through and album that is so overproduced that you wonder why she isn't being booked of a tour of Six Flags all over the country. She misses notes everywhere, the lyrics of the songs are downright pitiful, and the song structures themselves will not be making Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd toss and turn at night. This music is all hype with no talent, and I feel very bad for the teenagers of today that couldn't grow up in the seventies like I did, when the top 40 music was Boston, Zeppelin, Floyd, Aerosmith and the likes. Stay far away from this piece of junk. I am already using mine as a coaster.
Breakaway is a lot better: This album is almost completely different than Kelly's second C.D., for she seems to use a soulful style of singing on Thankful that she pretty much has abandoned on her followup album. There are (regrettably) few high-volume energetic tunes like "Since U Been Gone" on this album, with most of the songs being soft and relatively too simple. One of the exceptions is the hit "Miss Independent", the best track in my opinion. This tune has a unique background beat, soulful lyrics, and a loud, majestic chorus. It would seem that this debut album features a completely different side of Kelly than is on Breakaway, preferably the less desirable side. I wouldn't recommend this album also because it's not satisfyingly intricate, and has few likeable tracks.I recommend:Miss IndependentLowBeautiful DisasterYou Thought Wrong
Kelly Clarkson is so tight!: Her new song is sooo good. It's growing on me alot. I didn't here every song on the cd but I heard 3 and they were great. Go get this CD now, I listened to the first 3...and it was Bombay, bam bam, Kelly!
Beautiful voice, boring songs: This album is a shame, namely because Kelly CAN sing. She has great range and a really nice tone, but that does little good when your songs are boring cliches, tired R&B retreads. There isn't a memorable melody in the bunch, and that's a crime. How many times can you sing about love using the same trite language and metaphors? This is a plague that isn't just limited to Kelly Clarkson; most modern female R&B is stuck in a creative rut, repetitively seeing how many different modulations you can sing "Oh baby" in.
visitor: I was really expecting a great cd. I heard Miss Independent and was really looking forward to the rest of the cd. If I want that type of quality for a whole cd, then I guess I will have to stick to Christina. It isn't a terrible cd, just not a great one. Her vocals are good, which become great with studio touchups, but the songs are just boring and lacking.
Evil chickens will someday rule the world: Kelly Clarkskson is awesome. She is one of my favorite singers. She has a really good voice.
Good CD: Over all I thought that this cd isn't that bad. Personally I think the best songs on this cd are The Trouble With Love, Miss Independent, Low, Just Missed the Train, You Thought Wrong, Anytime. On the cd it says that A Moment Like This and Before Your Love our new mixies but there the same songs with nothing new on Kelly's cd. If you like American Idol and Kelly Clarkson I think you should buy this!
Sensational !!: THANKFUL, Is the best debut CD I have heard in a very long time. The songs are so great and penned perfectly to match her styles and wonderful voice. Every Song Kelly touches is Gold. This ablum is amazing. One thing that I really liked was the fact that she spread her CD into different musical types... There is some RnB, Great ballads, and she even has some that boarder line on pop-rock. Kelly is a true music artist and has an imense amount of talent. Another song that deserves credit is Timeless (found on runner-up Justin Guarini's CD). Timeless is the only song that sands out on Justins CD its because Kelly sings every song with the same amount of soul, and passion, as when she was on American Idol trying to win the US public. This album should be a standard for other artists to try to beat!!This album is now Grammy nomminated and Kelly stands a great chance of winning. Go Kelly !!
Diva-in-training needs better material: A year in the making and dozens of producers and songwriters. The result is entirely mediocre. Granted, there are some standouts that are radio-friendly such as the Christina co-penned "Miss Independent" but rest is pretty much lacking in any memorable hooks, the elusive element so many pop divas live and die by. It's quite obvious that all these stellar 5 star reviews are coming from naive teens who have grown up on a steady diet of corporate muzak and can't appreciate how bland and predictable music has become. Her voice is efficient but lacks the nuance and depth of other more seasoned singers. One wonders with material this boring whether she will be given an opportunity to develop after the onslaught of AI finalists all scramble for their bit of pop stardom.
okay.....umm....this is beyond bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!: okay.....umm....this is beyond bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!Well when I thought things couldn't get worst. Now we have listen to a solos cd by the world's dumdest fake brunette. I've never liked Kelly Clarkson(then, why am I reviewing this)and the only reason my brain has suffered from this no talent bad singer/reality tv star is because of my 10 years old sister. Kelly Clarkson in my opinion is like the ulimate snob. when she was on American Idle she sent the message that you only should like guys that have looks but no brains and that your life is going to be misareble if you are yourself. She says she has always wanted to be a singer but she never said that until she went the show
I her but Hilary duff and her a tie.Don't you think?: What lovely music.It's so musical and so entertaining.Kelly Clarkson was even a winner in American Idol.I also like hilary.She's a Star!:):):)Melissa
Disappointed - cd empty: I waited over the 30 days to open and test the product. When I put the cd into my player, nothing played. I tried the cd on another player at home, and still nothing played. The cd must be blank. Can I not get my money back because I didn't receive what I ordered?
Lessons from the master of PMA!: I wasn't sure if I needed yet another Napolean Hill program. I already had Think and Grow Rich and few other tapes that Hill had produced. And I really didn't know if I was ready for 12 hours of tapes.Now that I have bought the tape set, I can honestly say that this was one of the best investments I ever made. Hill covers the 17 principles like never before. Hill is witty and funny too.This tape set is almost like a audio version of The Law of Success. It contains live lectures done by Hill in the 50's. If you have never heard Hill do a live lecture, then you must get this set. It is outstanding. Hill is fantastic and the material is incredible.
Bad design, bad headset.: Purchased my set from Bestbuy. Also bought the protection plan for them. I've currently replaced these headphones 3 times.The first two times the microphone died. I think the headset has a problem with moving the boom mic up and down.Third time the speakers blew at the high range. In order to use the surround sound function of this headseat, you have put a AAA battery in them. This will allow you to activate surround sound with a switch. The power this puts to the headphones is too much for them to handle.For gaming, this isn't the set you should get.
Timeouts on remote connections: Longtime Amazon customer but this is the first time I have ever been driven to write a review.This product was a huge disappointment after upgrading from my old Netgear RT314.The problem? It times out my remote connections after about 15 minutes.. So I might be SSH'd into a remote system (work) doing some work.. Step away for a few minutes or get distracted and Bam.. Lost connection. And here I thought I had 'always on' internet. The old Netgear would stay logged in for days.I contacted 3COM customer support (a very lengthy endeavor) and they told me it was 'designed to do that'. A quick search will show a lot of people who have this problem.It will be many years before I buy another 3COM product.
True story: Tony is a story teller. This album is some of his best songmanship. It is a shame that the album is so hard to find on CD.
Good, Independent Film: I got on a J.P. Allen kick and rented all his films. This one's a good drama with decent production value. The acting's pretty good. It held my interest.
Poor Construction: We purchased this Pill Organizer after using the same type for a few years. The last one lasted a few years, but this one has started falling apart in one trip. On a few of the pouches, the zipper tab has come out in the fist day of use. I tried to put them back but no luck.Very poorly built - low quality.
Don't Waste Your $: I bought this frame because I could get pictures off of my computer and put them on it. I did this and that was easy. The problem with this frame is that after about 6 months it started having color issues and the pictures were turning pink and distorted. At 7 months it completely stopped working. It has a 6 month warranty and therefore, I lost $80.00.I am very disappointed in the quality.
Digital photo frame: I am well please with the Westinghouse 7 inch LCD photo frame. I've checked out other products and found that the color quality and clarity was better than almost all the others. The internal memory, the ability of using multiple cards, and the ease of use were all added bonuses.
worst product ever.: Purchased two frames as a Christmas gifts. Could not load pictures via usb cable. Tried loading off a memory card, but the frame would only display a few pictures available to load from the card. Went out and purchased a flash drive, loaded it, attempted to load pictures from flash drive to frame. Frame did not display anything from the flash drive, as if there was nothing plugged into it.
Ouch!: These headphones may be convenient and deliver adequate sound, but I found them too uncomfortable to use. The in-ear portion is large with a sharp edge that hurt, unless I adjusted the headband until it was too loose to stay on. Foam covers would have made a big difference. Few other reviews mention discomfort, so maybe my ears are unique, but I recommend trying these on before you buy--you'll know quickly enough.
Great sound, great look, breaks easily though: I really loved these headphones, right up until they broke 2 weeks later. I wasn't rough on them a bit, I was folding them back up after a workout, and snap they went. I would suggest the Nike SHJ045 Headband Headphones. Far better quality.
Left Headphone Goes Out After a Few Months: Like so many others here, I'm on my 4th pair. All of them were great, until the left headphone went out after a few months. For the last one, it went out after 7 months :(I keep buying them because they're great while they last.
great sound and comfort!: I have always preferred the vertical in-the-ear style headphones since they were first introduced in the late 80's. These headphones are very comfortable to wear for several hours at a time. You will barely feel them. That's great, but how do they sound? They have excellent frequency response at 10 - 23,000Hz, and great sensitivity at 108 dB/mW. You will get good bass out of the tiny 16mm drivers. They are also water resistant, so you can wear them while exercising or in the rain. They are designed so the moisture will run down the band and drip off the bottom. I highly recommend these portable (and foldable) headphones.
Brakes easy: The plastic hindge at the top of the fold broke after about 3 months of use. The good sound quality is of no use if the item is broken!
already broken: They fit well and had good sound quality but broke in half within a couple of weeks. My husband was just putting them on his head and they snapped in half. We were very disappointed.
Good until they broke: These headphones have great sound and they stay on your head.Downside - 1. Sweatguard doesn't work well 2. One side broke after a couple weeks.
gone through 3 pairs... and will not buy again!: I have owned three pairs of these headphones and do not plan to buy another pair. They have a great fit and good sound but the ear buds short out after 6 months to a year. Unforunately, these are the only pair of headphones I could find in electronic stores that have this type of fit and compatibility. I wish another brand would come out with a similar style!
Painful: I'm a ridiculous headphone snob, so I don't live with headphones/earphones that don't meet up to my standards. And these don't live up to my standards. The sound is okay, but the biggest problem is that they don't fit very well in the ear. You can push them right up against the ear canal, but leaving them there for more than five minutes caused my ears to hurt like crazy. Then I push them back on my ear, but then I lose ALL bass response. So, back to the store they go.Trust me, if your ears are sensitive to pressure, these headphones will kill your ears to the point where it's uncomfortable to wear them even more than an hour.
Oddly fragile for a "sporty" headphone: I've gone through 2 pair of these. I like the design and the fit of them even though I'm not a fan of in the ear/bud earphones.However - the headset portion that folds and fits over the head is made of the most brittle plastic I've ever had on a pair of headphones. I thought the first break was a fluke. The second pair died as the first - to a break in the plastic that fits over the head as I was putting them on.Careful as you may be - these WILL break.
Breaks easily: I owned these headphones for about 3 months & absolutely loved it. I used it while working out & it fit perfectly. Good sound; felt comfortable in the ears; & quite compact. But as others have noted; it snapped in 2 pieces at the joints. Would not recommend these.
Defective Product: The earphones are defective. Only one side works. It took a while to recieve the product and the product was defective. Not a good buy.
until they break!: I have owned more pairs of these folding headphones because of comfort & sound quality but durable they are NOT!!! go for modelW25 instead, they will last because they are FLEXIBLE!! I am gutted everytime the others break & I am careful taking them off & putting them on!! I have wasted so much money as I am the headphone queen! please be wise & get Sony to improve the folding type!!
Junk! Cheap flimsy hinges lasted less than a week!: Do NOT buy these. I bought a pair and the hinge snapped in less than a week. I thought maybe I had a defective pair or I had been too clumsy, so I ordered another pair. Same thing happened! I've bought a lot of Sony products in my lifetime because I always thought they made good quality stuff. Now I'm going to rethink buying Sony when I get a new TV soon.....
breaks too easily: I went through two of these very quickly. It's a shame, I wanted to like them. The sound is pretty decent but they are just too fragile. I wore them in the gym and for running out doors. They are very fragile and snap very easily
Broken in 3 weeks: I got these to replace my yellow Sony sports headphones. The yellow ones were kind of "rubbery" and I've had them for years. These broke within 3 weeks. And not under great stress or high use, either. Just simply taking them off of my head by pulling them apart to get them out of my ear and they broke where the length of the left ear adjusts.Very poor design and cheap plastic. I'll buy other Sony headphones, especially if I can find ones made similar to my older yellow ones. But I will never buy another set of these.Plus: They sound greatCon: They are such poor design that they broke at a really thin place of construction that would get a LOT of pressure from anyone when putting them on or taking them off their head.
Nice sound and comfortable but they broke: I owned these less than 3 months, and enjoyed the sound quality, comfort and handy small size. Unfortunately, I recently found the headband broken inside my gym bag, and now they are unusable. I do not recommend these since they are much too fragile!
Used to be good - now brittle and super cheap: I've had the same experience as some of the other reviewers here. I've had 2 pairs break in the EXACT same spot in the last 3 weeks. I will NEVER BUY Sony again. It's hard to believe the quality has declined so badly.
Disappointing: I read this book to learn the motives of those who risked themselves to shelter Jews in WW2 (a valuable subject) but was sadly disapointed. It's as readable (and interesting) as a telephone book.Try Browning, Kuznetsov, Sereny, Rhodes, Hilberg, Wiesenthal, etc
Classic in corporate law: This book has been a classic in legal literature since it was first published. It is amazing how current and up to date it is! If you are studying the inner workings of the corporations this is the book to buy!
Very Good Book: I would have to rate this book as a good read. It shows the many challenges young women face in relationships. How one can go through many trying situations and still find their strength in God to make it through. Of course, I am some what bias because I wrote the book, but many people that have read the book expressed to me how much they enjoyed reading it.
Unremarkable, repetitious, unfinished: Although it has a few gems, this book desperately needs an editor. With all the character's pedestrian musings on life, marriage, sex, children, and the meaning of true happiness, no conclusion is reached, no epiphany occurs, nothing *happens*. Character and scene development rely on descriptions that are repeated in each chapter with no new information; the main character feels the same emotions again and again with no new insight. The result, to me, is a dissipated, meaningless manuscript containing some glaring mistakes (Germany is 6 hours ahead of the east coast in the winter, not 15; no woman drops to her original weight a few weeks after having a baby). I feel an editor is needed to make this into a novel I would enjoy and recommend.
HUGE ERROR: Cleopatra was of the Ptolemaic dynasty, therefore she was of Greek descent. The family was in-bred, brother wed sister. She was Greek, certainly not Egyptian (black).
confused: I just opened it today, and I am disappointed. The outside of the box states it is a floor cover and not the trunk tray as written on the shipping label. I really don't know if they shipped the wrong item.It is supposed to be 28" by 3ft. It is not.So, I am not sure if I got the correct item and I don't want to have to pay to ship it back. It is pretty bent, I am hoping it straightens out. A friend of mine just bought a new Sante Fe and admired my cargo tray so I bought her one. It is not as thick as the one I have.
The sound is terrible.: We really tried to watch this but the sound was so bad, it couldn't be understood at all.
I do not like this one at all: I had this music player before, and I have to admit, it's pathetic. The "256MB" it supposedly has on the player is only 128MB. The reason I do not like it is because it had erased all of my music when I didn't even do anything to it.
Intriguing: This was my first Clive Cussler book. I didn't realize that I was jumping into the 15th or 16th book in the series. I can't wait to go back and read the previous ones. This book combines ancient history and adventure, as well as politics and the military, in an effort to provide a first-rate novel. The character development that went into this book and the series is phenomenal and is second only to the creative storyline that keeps you guessing until the end. If you like me are a fan of paperback novels packed with action and adventure this series is for you.
If you enjoy 1940s comic books, this is the one for you!: what the heck, even if I give it only two stars for poor writing, lame charectors, and contrived situations, it is fun in the same way those old Captain America and Bucky cartoons were. I mean, this book has it all...Evil Nazi clones! Jackbooted goons all in black riding SnoCats (as seen on TV in the Man from Uncle)! Loneghrin's Spear (aka the Holy Lance, per Cussler "the holiest relic in Christianity!?!)! .... Butwait, there's more! You can have a bundle of fun laughing at Cussler's grasp of science and history. I always thought Star Trek was the low point of pop science, but no longer, Clive has taken the nadir for himself. .... And the history is even sillier. Cussler has a historian say "it's a fact that the more advanced a civilization, the less they leave behind them". Huh? That makes no sense whatsoever. ....
The Grandmaster Delivers in Spades!: I picked this book up and could not put it down! What a blend of myth and adventure. Pairing our beloved Dirk and Atlantis was a stroke of pure genius. In the opening adventure sequence I found myself holding my breath just like the unfortunate three in the chamber. Only Dirk could make an entrance like that.Our favorite characters are all back and we realise how much we missed them. Al gets a girl of his own and Loren realises she might be missing something.The great classic car is a dream. Wouldn't we all love the chance to be behind the wheel?The bad guys are guys and girls that we really can hate with a vengence. The incredible odds just keep coming at our heroes and they never give up!All in all just what a Cussler book should be!
dirk rules!: dirk rules! i don't care if my hubby gives me a hard time about loving dirk pitt--and this new story is great. i didn't think i would find another pitt novel as exciting as my favorite (inca gold), but this one was it. i think you have to suspend reality and just sit back and enjoy the ride that dirk, numa and the gang take--this isn't rocket science, its a novel. mr cussler, if you read these reviews, your books are wonderful and i hope you are working on a new pitt novel!
Atlantis Found Awful!: Never been moved to write a review in many years of reading, but this story is thrown together so carelessly, I found it hard to keep an eye on the plot because of all the sloppy contradictions.
Excellently written by a GREAT person: I recommend this book to everyone. Even non-poets who are looking to expand their creativity. This book is more than poetry, it's a must-read for any lover of good writing. It's perfect for a short bus ride home, a wait between flights, or a peaceful day in the park. It will touch the heart of any reader who dares to pick it up.
Does the job for a great price on 1996: Got this for my 1996 GT Mustang. I wanted to protect my original steering wheel while it still has no cracks or damage, without spending a ton of money or worrying that a manual wrap job would look crappy. Although you need some muscle to put this on, it goes on fairly quickly and fits like a glove. It takes a little bit to get used to the 'thicker' steering wheel but I actually like it better. It looks good and protects, all for a decent price.
The stars make the movie: All i got to say is this: If u have any doubts of how real this movie is brought to life just look at the list of actress' and actors' that performed in this beautifully written movie. As I was scrolling down the list there were certain names that stuck in my head. The people that performed in that movie are now basically STARS. Need proof? here it is. Roma Downey: Jackie Kennedy. Can u say STAR? she STARS in one of the most popular TV series to date. Stephan Collins:JFK he STARS in another greatly popular TV series. Now, I know she isn't a MAJOR star in this movie and doesn't have very much screentime but she is the most popular actress out of then all.She is none other than Sarah Michelle Gellar who stars in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and has stared in numerous films. Well I guess that pretty much sums it up. Sorry for the misspelling and grammor errors I was in a hurry.
If you are looking at this, you know it is good..: If you are looking at this, you know it is good. I dont have to tell you that you should buy them all. seriously
Family Guy is funny: My son loves Family Guy and specifically asked for this volumeIt arrived quickly and is exactly what he wanted
Not worth for the price. Doesn't smell at all after 30minutes: Bought this one and 360 Red Perry Ellis together from Amazon. Shipping was on time.I prefer to use strong cologne sprays, and used Tommy H. cologne spray most of the time for the same price. I must admit that this cologne spray does not smell as good as the review says. The smell evaporated within 30 minutes from clothes. Smell is OK but nothing so special about it. If I would have to spend same money for spray next time, I would prefer to buy some other branch but not this one for sure. Not worth for the money.
Curve Men's Cologne: This has a wonderful scent. It can be used by women too. I always use my husband's and everyone loves the scent!! Buy it!! You'll love it!!
No response from customer service: Calipers did not function properly. I Immediately contacted the company through their CONTACT US section on their website. NEVER heard back from them. Now I have calipers that don't work and a VERY expensive tape measure.
Boxy, wooden, crate like wastebox: There is nothing basket-like about this item. It is heavy, wooden, and suggested for a nursery? Bcuz of the nursery theme, i thought..outta work fine as a small bathroom, or bedside wastebasket. Wrong, wrong, wrong. It has sharp edges, and its very heavy,(i bought 2),to be so small. I stuck 'em in corners, and even the coloring is a tad bit garrish. Perhaps as a set, within the entire line, it works, but i'd NEVER place in a childs room, cuz if they ever touch or fall over one, OMG!One more thing...there is a big, white label stuck permanantly to the inside bottom of each one. You CANNOT peel it off, and it looks awful when you are standing looking in. Therefore, you gotta put a bag, or something in there to hide that. Just a total waste for me. Oh well.
A great Cal Tjader album: I wanted "Cal Tjader's Concert By the Sea" to be released on CD so badly. I have been enjoying my LP copy of this album (Fantasy 3295) for several years. We can all rejoice that some of the best Tjader Fantasy albums are now being reissued. And what a bonus that the trend seems to be putting the contents of two LP releases on one CD. If you buy Blackhawk Nights, Black Orchid, San Francisco Moods, Ritmos Calientes and Monterey Concerts(Live) you'll have the cream of the recordings of Tjader and his greatest groups. As this release of M.C.(Live) shows, Cal Tjader was one of the greates jazz musicians America produced. This is swinging, sophisticated jazz in that 1950's style. The remastered sound is excellent. Put this at the head of your wish list. You'll thank me.
Fun while it lasted: Had it two years, constantly displaying a slide show from a 1gb SD. It looked and worked great! Then one day a white screen. Turned it off for a bit, and then on again. There was no response at all - the unit was dead, and all attempts at revival failed. I agree with other reviewers: don't buy it unless you're willing to gamble on a short lifespan.
Great except the constant buzzing noise.: Good picture quality, the menu leaves a lot to be desired. After about 2 months of having the product the picture frame makes a constant buzzing noise...It's enough to drive any sane person mad.
NOT compatible with Macs: After purchasing this frame we found out it is not compatible with Macs. There is nothing in the literature to forewarn someone of this. Looks like it would be a good product if it supported Macs.
Unusuable after a few months, sucks with Bittorrent/power users: This router is no good if you're a power user. It gets overwhelmed all too easily if you're running multiple applications communicating with the Net from multiple computers. It also does not play well with Bit Torrent.I had to replace it finally after it stopped handing out IP addresses and would not allow me to establish a connection to it from any PC despite trying all possible methods.You get what you pay for in routers I think.
A thoroughly enjoyable read!: This may be the first novel for Alafair (I love that name!) Burke, but she is no novice at writing a gritty,fast-paced, witty page-turner. It must be in the genes! Protaganist, Samantha Kincaid(a Portland DDA) is entirely likeable & this book leaves you wanting more of her, not to mention her old-flame & current Portland detective, Chuck Forbes. I am pleased to know that this is the first in a "Sam Kincaid" series & I eagerly look forward to the next installment!
Terminally putrid: Ms. Burke should apologize to the souls of the trees that gave their lives for this pap. If 10% of what James Lee Burke has had rubbed off on this kid, it might have been salvagable. This book is marred by (among other things): stock characters lifted from a rejected script Steven Bochco used to line his cat box; a hackneyed, overworked plot; dialogue like no people ever spoke; and truly cringeworthy prose. It beats my previous low-water-mark for a novel by a non-writer, which was Chuck Scarborough's "Aftershock".I guess Ms. Burke figured with the (likely) interesting cases she's seen and Dad's brain to tap, she could become the latest, greatest lawyer-novelist. I think this is just the sort of bravado Frank Sinatra, Jr., felt.
Best: IMO this is way better than the V-necks from Calvin Klein and Polo. I bought all three kinds and then bought more Lofteez.The material is stronger and holds up better and the shirts are slightly LESS long. The Polo is thinnest (stretches after a few wears) and longest (probably good if you're over 6'2").Much better thicker cotton in this shirt than the competition.
Quality of undershirt: Frankly I was disappointed with the quality of a "Fruit of the Loom" product. I expected a better texture. Guess that's what one should expect of imported goods. My bad I guess.........
Page Turner!: I just finished this on my Kindle - read it everywhere: in the subway, on the bus, at stop signs. Just couldn't put it down. Another great read from M C Smith and not even starring Renko.
excelente: excelente very fast, me llego hasta panama. muy rapido y seguro, lo recomiendo. muy confiable mucha garantia.excelente precio. mucha calidad.
Simple introduction to beginning massage for your dog: An amusing little book that is useful in helping the loving dog owner give and receive physical relaxation from their pet. It isn't a medical or chiropractic guide to the canine but rather has humorous cartoons and three simple techniques to get started in massaging your dog. A conversation starter and an interesting inexpensive gift for the Holidays. Origins stores are featuring this @ list price with dog biscuits as a Christmas gift.
Typical Bay Area Music: This Summer I spent in the Bay Area around San Francisco. I Heard a lot of great Rap, Andre's songs vere some of the best. They had great lyrics. I bought Andre Nickatina Raven in my eyes, and know I bying I Hate You With A Passion the cd Andre made before Raven. I can't wait to get my copy. Thomas
WORST BOOK I HAVE EVER ATTEMPTED TO READ!!!: I could not finish this book. It was written like a really bad book report. This book should not have been published!!!
BETTER THAN AVERAGE.: I think vampies rock, totally. My sister hit me up with this book for my b-day and she was right on target. The vamps and witches and shifters kept me glued to my chair until the last word was read. I have read most of the big names and this story was original and reeled into the world of Malcolm and his children of the night. Although alot of people think of vampires and the stories that go with them as merely heartless killers that was just not the case here, not only is the storyline unique, this is the first time I have ever read about vampires such as these. I was happy when my internet searches turned up information on the upcoming book in this series. I anxiously await the return of Malcolm. Kudos to this first time author.
good buy for florida's summer heat: I bought this canopy for my driveway in Florida... and it is very beneficial.. especially our pounding summer rays.. and summer rain.. i would recommend this product, and if COAST TO COAST would like a better picture.. (one in real life) they should just ask.
All I want now to do or hear is poetry!: Rumi is brilliant in his acuteness. Birdsong only makes me want to learn and read more about this impressionable thinker. His words truly hold the essence of life. Recommneded to all who adore poetry.
Very nice collection of Rumi Poems!: I am a lover of birds and of Rumi as well. This book is nice and I keep it by my bedside. Very good buy.
A great study tool: The Exam Cram 2 - PMP Practice Question book by David Francis is a great study tool. David's book is an economical way to practice for the PMP exam. There are plenty of books out there that provide practice questions, but most cost twice or even three times the amount of Exam Cram 2. The practice CD provides the user with several options, one of which is an exam mode so you can simulate the real test-taking environment. I felt the Professional Responsibility questions and the PMP Cram Sheet where especially helpful.Having just completed and passed the PMP exam, I would recommend David's book as a tool to practice questions for the exam.
Subpar: Many questions written poorly, in a very confusing language, useless info abundant. As other reviewers pointed out, some of the answers belong with different questions (both in the book and on the CD), some answers are clearly incorrect.Most irritating part to me was that some "correct" answers were arrived at by using this pseudo-PMI logic that was used sparingly ONLY (i.e., that very same logic was not applied in other similar questions.)I've used Exam Cram 2 with great confidence to pass 8 other tests. This is the worst one in the series by far, which points to either the writer or inadequate/incompetent editing.
Limited scope: Got a subscription for one free year when I subscribed to another magazine. If you're into sportbikes it's fine. If you're a cruiser rider you're all but forgotten.
HEAVY METAL EROTIC SPECIAL NO. 2: AMAZON DOES NOT HAVE THIS IN STOCK, BUT IT IS AVAILABLE ON THE HEAVY METAL SITE AND IS WELL WORTH THE PURCHASE PRICE. THIS REFERS TO EROTIC SPECIAL NO. 2. I AM STILL TRYING TO LOCATE EROTIC SPECIAL NO. 1 (SPRING 2000)
My experience: I bought this a long time ago from k-mart and it didn't work to well with my hair. I had to set the heat to high and leave whatever tool I was using for a long time. It didn't really straighten or crimp my hair to well. It curled my hair fine but as I said I had to leave it there for a long time. Oh and it takes awhile to heat up. I reccommend finding a better brand possibly and not one that looks like a toy O_O
uuugghh: Could have bought this item at my local dollar store! Super cheap attachments that do not work well! The spiral curler doesnt spiral (and I have easy-curl hair that measures down to my butt) the curling iron itself is very cheaply designed, not very high quality and would only be good for a young girl who maybe just starting out...a training iron if-u-will hahaha... not for women who know better!
Does not perform: This is the worst product I have ever purchased. My daughter used her christmas gift card to buy this because she wanted to be able to crimp and curl her hair. The item does not heat up and it takes at least and hour just to crimp her hair. Wish I still had the original packaging so I could send it back. This product is a rip-off.
review: Its a nice price, but it takes a really long time heat up and is not as effective as i would have guessed. I should have just bought a regular crimper.
Does not get hot enough: I got this to use it as a crimper. When I got it, I was excited to see how it worked. After I plugged it in, I forgot about it so when I went to use it, it had been heating up for about 45 minutes. It worked pretty well this time, so I thought it was a good product. However, now when I wake up in the morning, I don't have 45 minutes to wait for it to heat up. It hardly crimps my hair at all, even when I let it heat up for 30 minutes. Also, it is made of really cheap plastic.
yawn: I read this about 45 years ago. I was in my late teens. At the time, I thought it was extremely profound. I read it a couple of weeks ago, I'm now 63. I now regard it as so so. The characters were unbelievable. with a years warning they did nothing to prepare for the survival of the species.John Beyerlein 23 Nov 2010Liz & Dick
Truly chilling: This book is one of the most depressing books I've read, which is good due to the theme. I mean, people can't be happy that they're *SPOILER AHEAD* going to die. Like most say, the book does lack depth in a sense that there is no underlying theme. But it is enjoyable read page after page. The more you read through the book, the more suspense you will have the close you get to the end. I was a junior in high school when I read this. I was reading this in class and I got extremely choked up. This book is sad, but its even worse if you consider the characters mindset near the end of the book. It's heartbreaking that some things happen the way they do in the book, however, what makes this book so good is that it is realistic. Their emotions, their actions etc are very realistic. Which only makes the characters feel close to you. Great, realistic, to the core type of book. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
A little boring in some places, but enjoyable regardless.: The writing was somewhat dull, the bias against women was annoying (two women characters: one was a drunken slut, the other comparable to Rose of Sharon of the Grapes of Wrath, without coming into her own). So why did I enjoy this book? It's just one of those things. Such a classic portrayal of human nature stripped to the core is easily forgivable for any petty flaws. On The Beach was essential for its time. We all cringe to think about what the world would be like if we all knew when we would die, and how. Nevil Shute makes this a reality, bringing to life the unsettling details we've all thought about time and again. Maybe the writing is a little mundane, maybe the ideas are old-fashioned. Look past it. On the Beach is a worthwhile read.
4 slice toaster: We saw this on "America's Test Kitchen" and since we needed a new toaster, and it was the best rated on that show, we ordered it. We are very satisfied with the accuracy of it's controls, but didn't realize that you cannot eject the toast early if you decide to. That is our only complaint. Otherwise, it's a very good toaster and lives up to all it's ads! Very good price as well.
Excellent Book: Great book for fans of Pynchon, much more accessible than Gravity's Rainbow. Very long which I consider a plus as Mr. Pynchon doesn't come out with new books too often.
Good but not History: For the person who likes reading book, especially history, this book will please you in that it is a funny, and well thought through book.On the other hand, to the history student, this is not the book that I would use for any history paper or project. Althought this book is about the very people invloved in the making of the most famous border dispute in the United States, it is not very historical. This book has conversations with such pioneers as George Washington and Benjamin Franklin but there is no evidence that these conversation really happened, in fact I question that they really could have. The thing to remember about this book is that it is all imagined by the author and to use it in a research paper would be the writer's negligence because this book is not a replacement for fact.A good fiction book, a bad history book.
O! What a Horrid Waste of Pulp, A Disaster!: My Tedium never Ceases, yet have I only Dredged thru half of this Tome. My eyes grow Tir'd and my Thoughts grow more hateful towards this Author. History is barely Reveal'd and the style has Vex'd me thru and thru. Hemp smoking Franklin? Confus'd and Stupid Astronomers? Half the book not spent in the country of interest? Yet I plod on, making a use of this Fantastique tale, to knaw away at the Minutes spent in the loo. Wouldst it be quite the thing, if only the Paper t'was softer, I can then make of it a Cleansing Agent for my Posterior once Finished with each page.
rip off....not 2 pieces: this was supposed to be a two piece set....i ordered 2 sets in different sizes....both came with only the tops..... was never made right after I contacted seller
The Complete Guide to Buying, Maintaining and Servicing a Ho: Very thorough and easy to read. We are new to horses and had shopped a little for a trailer before reading this book, but found the whole process very overwhelming. We didn't really have any idea what we should be looking for and talking to all the different salesmen at the equine show proved to be just too much. This book covers everything from A-Z and points out the pros and cons of different types of construction materials, styles, options, etc. Much emphasis is placed on the safety and comfort of the horse. I feel that I am much better equipped to acquire the "right" trailer now that I know the "right questions".
Comprehensive Guide - A Must for Horse Owners: This book is worth reading even if someone else is trailering your horse. Discusses options for trailers layout, and towing vehicles. Focuses on the safety and comfort of both humans and equines when heading out on the road.
not worth your time or effort: I recently took a course in hot stone therapy. Before I took the course, I looked into this product for use in the course. However, after deciding to go with the one offered by the instructor of the course, I am so glad I did. The basalt stones used in the spa have unique properties that allow them to hold the heat longer and they are made unbelievably smooth in "nature's rock tumbler", the ocean. If you are interested in this type of treatment, I suggest going to a spa, or seeking out a qualified hot stone therapist, and save your money on that product. The spa may cost a little more, but it will be much more satisfying! And if you are looking for stones to perform this treatment, go to the beach, and then go and buy an electric roaster!!
Definitely Not Patrick O'Brien: After reading Patrick O'Brien, Richard Woodman, and the Bothlio series, don't think Vice Admiral Mack cuts the mustard. Wondering if author did any research into the period. The relationships between master and servant are totally skewed, the conversations could be taking place during the 20th century, and VERY few women would tottle off to their gynecologist, much less even know one existed. All in all I felt the book totally lacking in character, and not well written - even boring.
Check your Operating System if your running 64bit, this software is incompatible.: Check your Operating System if your running 64bit, this software is incompatible. I ran into a little problem with a seller and they offered a refund minus all shipping fees and their Amazon sellers fee.this omission is really the fault of Amazon so I didn't press the seller for a refund. Although, it is my opinion that a seller should know the goods they are selling and operating system compatibility is a big concern for obvious reasons.But, technology being what it is, it is one of those esoteric things that can be over looked.But, again... check what version of windows your running:>Start>Right click 'Computer'>Left click 'Properties'>View the box for 'System Type'You'll want to see '32bit' for this software.
make up??? oh my god!!!!: this album makes me sick. if you think the cover is bad, wait till you hear the music!!! especially the food songs!!! this album appeared after (ugh) Can't Stop The Music and this is just plain sad. they should of just gone away!!! but no...they have to come back to a world that no longer likes disco, with a new IMAGE!!! the new image looks like a cross between a Shakespeare character and a pimp. and all that face paint!!! oh yeah... the music. 5'O clock in the morning is ok. but the rest??? blech! Big Mac? Jungle City? Diet? Fireman? Food Fight? i guess they lacked all the top-notch producers and went to writing their own songs. even if your a village people fan, don't get it. if you are looking for something really stupid and you need a laugh. go for it.
Mickey: I was very pleased with the product and it arrived in a very timely manner. I was glad to find music that i had been unable to locate in a store.
Light Shmight: If you are going to purchase these cables I highly recommend getting the Black & Decker Cranial Expansion kit as well. I don't know what marketing genius came up with idea of selling the two separately but they should be bound in an iron shirt and flayed with a pumice stone, but I digress. I used the aforementioned Cranial Expansion Kit to enlarge my head making installing these babies a snap. I won't lie though, even with an expanded cranium I can feel the cables pressing down on my optic nerve. But let's be honest, who needs to see light when you can hear the movement of the spheres. If you don't already have these you aren't really living. You are more of a mewling fetus, helpless and pink, squirming across the surface of your mother straining to find nourishment. Get these babies pronto, and listen to the ethereal tones of God's creation in motion. The sound of Mercury distorting Earth's gravity tether to the sun is sublime.
there is no 'i' in AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable: I'm sure this is a great product, but my speakers are 9 foot away, and i massively can't be bothered to go and move them. I left the cable on the kitchen table.Also, the packaging has some very racial things stated in it.
A Classic Bait And Switch: What a piece of junk. I had a $20 wire roll from Radio Shack and another $14 sunk in banana plugs, and they worked perfectly fine. But I was looking for great, not 'perfectly fine'. So, as any reasonable person would logically conclude, I needed to spend $8,400 on speaker cables.I ordered these babies and hooked them up. They didn't even work! I mean, no sound. Nada. I put back in my old 'shack wires and I got music again. Tried my AudioQuests again, and... nothing.Being the tinkerer that I am, I got out my x-acto knife and cut into the sleeve. The damn thing's full of cocaine! From one end to the other, not one wire in the case. Just 16 feet of cocaine in a fancy package. I dunno if this is supposed to be a grown man's Pixie Stick or something, but I feel cheated.
Not actually terminated at K2: I ordered these hoping that they would be terminated atK2 (Adventure Press)so I could listen to theMusic of a Sherpa Village. Imagine my disappointment to find they terminated right in my living room. I guess the 8 foot length should have been a tip-off. They do go well with myWalker Edison Everest Multilevel Component Stand, Clear/Silverstereo stand, though.Still, if you are a fan of K2, (Book of the Dead), Mountain (Best of) or related music (At Fillmore EastMountain Jam,Foggy Mountain Breakdown), you could do worse by plugging a 12,000-mile garden hose in one ear and hiring someone to actually terminate the other end at K2. That would sound worse and cost more.
DO NOT BUY: I picked up a set of these to connect my Coby walkman to a pair of Altec-Lansing Voice of the Theater speakers I have in the back of the Gremlin. Britney sounded pretty good, but the equalization was a little flat for Katy Perry's single "Teenage Dream" -- hmm, minus one star.But why do I say DO NOT BUY you ask?After waiting 8 weeks for the $3 rebate to arrive it finally shows up in the form of a VISA PREPAID DEBIT CARD!!!! What's this nonsense??? I was expecting 3 crisp Washingtons to arrive by FedEx. After whipping out that card to pay for four cans of cat food at Wal-Mart I was mortified to have to rummage in my pocket to find the extra 27 cents to make up the difference. I swear I heard the clerk mutter "High <something> roller" under her breath.
It is not a text book, it is a study guide: Well, I have ordered the book and found that it is a study guide. I wonder where can I find the text book.
Right on!: Gelernter knows his stuff. The other 99% don't have a clue. Read this one with Johnson's "Interface Culture", wrap it all up with McKennas's "Real Time", and you're ready for 2001, maybe even 2101... :-)
Rambling and Naive: Caveat is I usually don't read this kind of fluff, but I enjoy it when it's good. The premise of the book set forth in the first 2 chapters is interesting and inspiring - simplicity and power equals beauty - an objective concept when applied to machines. In Chapter 3 Gelertner digresses to a lenghty and naive discussion of the Apple desktop suggesting the reason that Microsoft won is that Americans don't recognize beauty until they are beat over the head with it. He continues to ramble with some unformed ravings on interface and computer cabinet design and peters out from there. Book design and illustrations are appalling considering the subject of the book. Reminds me of the papers I used to write in college on the night before they were due.
Music Man: This CD-KC's greatest hits has about only 5 songs that were hits. The sound quality is poor. Sounds like the singing was recorded in a tin can. The songs sound like they were recorded in a low budget bar. It's all mono tone and parts are ad-lib singing, not original hits from a studio. This CD is not re-mastered, it's more like re-disastered.
toooo much packaging!: I bought this product about a month ago and was really put off by the amount of unecessary packaging that comes with it. It's a huge box full of filler plastic- all for a little DVD game. The games were pretty fun but the packaging was a deterrance to that.
Very Simular to 1st Tombraider: This game is very similar to the first Tomb Raider I played on PS1 many years ago. It starts out in South America behind this large doors that shut. Has bats and a bear in a pit. Great graphics to make the game more enjoyable.How to use the Grappling Hook. I struggled the first day with this item in both games I purchased.Walk to the edge jump and just before you descend from the jump, shoot out the grappling Hook; and when it connects use the "W" key to get momentum and swing back and fort until you have enough momentum to reach the landing on the other side. I could hit the target over and over but did not use the W key to swing back and forth.Over all It's a pretty good game. Still playing it; and will insert updates and tips as I continue further in the game.
For God Sakes, get a new engine already!: With games like Half-Life,Fear and Far Cry out there, TR-L just cannot compete. For God Sakes, upgrade the graphics engine! This game look little differnt than all the previous ones. And the controls are God awful too.
Overall a good game: Overall this was a good game, not quite long enough, but a good game. The levels are fun and interesting to play. Some of the areas you visit are breathtaking, especially if you have a high end computer system. I just wish the game was longer and hope they make a sequel to finish the story.
Traditional Blugrass with a Wild Band: I think this c.d. was awesome. There are a lot of the traditional songs played by some great musicians. The banjo player is out of this world, his high harmonies are outstanding and playing is great. It sounds like this band has a lot of fun. Everyone seems to work together well. I recommend this to anyone who loves traditional bluegrass music.
tiny and fragile: I bought this as a joke for a friend who appreciates the FSM web site. The keychain is very small and not particularly attractive. If it were about 50% larger, it might be more interesting.Update- after a few months, the FSM has broken off the keychain and disappeared :(. Not very durable at all.
You Must Buy this Book!: If you have any interest whatsoever in learning the true occult science as taught by the ancient mystery schools, then this is the definitive text. It's serious and erudite. It is not for the casual tarot card thrower. This is for the true mystic who wants to evolve as fully as possible in this lifetime. A rare and invaluable treasure!
AVOID ANY PRODUCT BY SURROUND RECORDS ! ! !: Just look at some of the reviews for this or any of their other blu ray discs: about half are raves about how nice they sound....and the other half are from users complaining that the disc does not play in X player!I've now tested several discs with the latest firmware, and they are indeed garbage. Amazon should pull all of the product from this company. Why would anyone want to deal with a company whose product only works in about 50% of players? I've never seen something so ridiculous or shoddy in my 10+ years of purchasing discs from hundreds of manufacturers.BEWARE: DO NOT PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM THIS COMPANY!
Not worth the money: I bought three of this company's Blu-rays ... save your money and get the CD. Better yet, get an SACD version for real high-quality sound. I have "Tchaikovsky Piano Concertos Nos. 1 & 3," "Bach Orchestral Suites No. 1, 2 & 3," and "Vivaldi Four Seasons" in these discs. None will play in my Samsung Blu-ray player with the latest firmware. All play in my Panasonic. The sound quality is no better than standard quality 5.1 surround; in fact, I suspect they just copied the material from a standard 5.1 version. There's very little sound in the rear channels and virtually no separation. Sounds like stereo. Save your money, these are a rip-off.
NOT POSSIBE - DIDN'T PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!: I bought this item from Newbury Comics and it didn't play in my PS3 or in SONY blu-ray player. I send a message from Newbury Comics asking what I can do, but i didn't receive contact from them. I purchased in the same date a Blu-ray from Hissarlikway (Pinocchio (Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition + Standard DVD+ BD Live) [Blu-ray]) and fuctioned perfectly.I lived in Brazil the same area of USA for blu-ray.Thanks for help,Ronaldo12/09/2009
Item stopped working two weeks after receiving.: I have subscribe to XM for at least 15 years and enjoy it, but you don't want to have a problem of any kind, then it's a very different story. It took me a year and hours of phone time for them to return my money when they over charge me. Now they have charged me $199 dollars for an item that was clearly marked $99 which I accepted,, but the item stopped working two weeks after giving it as a Christmas gift and they refuse to do anything about it.
not that into it: The only reason I have this movie is because my husband likes it. He is a fan of Steven Seagal. I tried to watch it last night, but I lost all interest. I think this movie is boring.
A great gift: My husband really liked this ebook that I purchased for him. He had wanted a better understanding of Jesus and His life from a perspective that didn't come off as preaching to him. This book achieved that.
Fun to read for kids and adults: A wonderful story with lovely prose. I enjoy reading it and the kids (2, 4 & 6) all love to listen--we read this one multiple times. Wonderful plot of a lazy farmer who gets what he has coming and the animals who plot to take over the farm for their own because they love the poor abused duck. Great illustrations. Ignore the naysayers who rate it negatively because they are fearful of any kind of socialist message corrupting the hearts of their children. If you followed that advice, you would have to throw out a lot of literature and even get rid of major portions of the Bible.
Trashy and poorly written: Having fallen in love with Patrick O'Brian's work, I started branching out into other naval fiction set in the same era. C. S. Forester and Frederick Marryat are very enjoyable. Lambdin is abysmal. The King's Coat is very poorly written and edited - subjects and verbs don't agree, there are endless misspellings, and any time he's at a loss, Lambdin throws in sex. The sex is fairly explicit, which is OK, but serves no other purpose than titillation of the reader, which is not. It advances the story in no way at all. Lewrie is apparently intended to be a nautical Flashman, but Lambdin doesn't have anything approaching the skill of George Macdonald Fraser. When Lambdin runs out of inspiration, Lewrie tumbles a wench at length and in great detail. The dialogue tends to sound either suspiciously American and modern, or archly dated. Nothing to recommend this book or the series except the fairly well done descriptions of the handling of the ships.
must read: A great book. A must read for someone who likes historical fiction. The characters come alive and the action is plenty. I have the entire series and I've reread them at least 3-4 times. totally different from Hornblower. Only note a few adult scenes so I don't recommend for young readers, other than that A must read.
I Love,Love, Loved...this book: I loved the way that Ms. Bryant went back in time between chapters so you could get a better understanding of why the main characters acted the way they did. She showed us that if you work at love it is possible. This book had me crying where I needed to cry and laughing where I needed to laugh and I also loved the love scenes. I finished this book in one night b/c I didn't want to put it down until I was finished.
A few small delights - and a fistful of clangers: "Very Best of"? OK, they're *really* reaching on this one. There's four or five examples of Mr Skellern's best - most of which are available on other albums. The very successful "You're a Lady" is not however on any other Skellern CD's sold in the US and perhaps for some, just getting that one track may make the whole purchase worthwhile. Not for me. I was extremely disappointed in the remaining 14 or so tracks; it would be bad enough if they're weren't really his best, but unfortunately it's much worse than that - they're real stinkers. Don't get me wrong, I really like Skellern's brand of music - despite the fact that the man can't hold a note. He has a delightful way of reviving old classics and making them fresh again.But skip this album, there's not enough here to justify the price tag. Maybe there's a reason Amazon won't let you preview the tracks on this CD..........
What is this ?: I recieved this slide today and am not really impressed.Looks thicker on the web site.I play dobro and thought this might be easier.It sounds like chrome over tin.Its a waste of money.If you are new to slide guitar I wouldnt try this one.
Waste of time: Hmm, what to say about this game. Its pretty "meh". It doesn't do anything well, and does a number of things pretty badly. I would not suggest this game to anyone looking for a FPS. The AI was horrible, weapons were bland and boring to fire. They all sounded underpowered (and pretty much are underpowered). The level design is pretty bad, everything is scripted and feels like a shooting gallery. The teammate AI is horrible and doesn't help at all. In fact, they get in the way most of the time. The graphics are horrible too. Overall the game feels pretty old fashioned and more like it was made by a mod team then an actual developer. The only cool thing about it is the cut scenes that are actually pretty neat. I am surprised I bothered finishing this one.
Magenta - Melodic Progressive Rock Concept Piece: "Home" is the latest album from Magenta which tells the story of an English immigrant moving to the U.S.A. The tale is told in linear fashion taking the main character through her move to this country and here experiences once here. It is probably the band's most ambitious work to date and in my opinion their best. The music continues in the lineage of Renaissance, Yes, and Genesis with Christina Booth's soaring vocals on top of it all. The band also released a companion EP called "New York Suite" that fleshes out the storyline even further. Lots of great melodic guitar and keys to be found here, and the band even gets a bit heavy in spots. As with their other albums, the lyrics get a bit spotty in places, but this is a minor complaint. Overall this is another fine album from Magenta and fans of melodic progressive rock should snatch this up in a heartbeat.
Waste of money: If I were able to give zero stars, I would. I concur with others, it does not work. I had no problem getting the cutter to work, but the cut occurs inside the dispenser, leaving no tape sticking out. As a result, you have to open the dispenser after every cut to re-thread the tape. I tried several times to see if there was a trick I was missing, but it is just a poorly executed design. I didn't purchase this on Amazon, but it is definitely going back.
If you plan on doing whole wheat toritllas...: don't count on this to do the trick. I put the dough in, press down, and then it made this high pitched sqeeling noise. When I lifted it up, the tortilla was a crisp, dry, disc. Not only that, it would put a hole in the middle of the toritlla
Not so hot!: This was on the top of my Christmas list...I was so verydisappointed. This tortilla baker doesn't do much, and an inferior job of cooking them. I'm going back to my regular skillet and gas stove. Also the instruction book has ,like,4 pages/2 recipes and not very useful.
No F-Lock: This is the most rugged wireless keyboard I have come across yet. Its range is amazing and best of all it does not have an F-Lock key. The mouse is very responsive and does not seem to eat batteries very fast.
Useable range is less than advertised: I attempted to use this product in my living room with my home media computer. I need about 7 to 8 feet of range from the USB dongle to the keyboard and mouse. This hardware was not capable of that range without issues with mouse response and key strokes dropping out. All bluetooth keyboards I have tried have worked well at this range. For some reason non-bluetooth wireless keyboards seem to have serious range issues and this one is no exception. Finally the mouse is somewhat narrow and uncomfortable for my hand. It would probably be good for light use but extended use causes my hand to cramp. The keyboard is well built but not as well as my Lenovo laptop keyboard.
Once again, a huge dissapointment: All I can say is buy High Heat Baseball. It's a much better product and an acurate baseball game. As a huge sports gaming fan I can honestly say that the Triple Play series is a waste of time.
The Best of its type -- a great gift: I found this to be a truly great book. However, it took me a while to get to this point because, as soon as I got it home, my wife fell in love with it and I couldn't tear it away from her for a long time. The historical perspective combined with the "love interest" capability make it both fun to read and remarkably useful. It is a reference work to be be cherished and used for years.My small business is planning to give dozens as Christmas gifts to our clients.
A Must Have: I have enjoyed watching this DVD. It was great seeing the original 1968 line up performing together. The reditions of "Wond'ring Aloud" and "Life Is A Long Song" accompanied with the string quartet were awesome. The DVD has a good selection of old and new material. The performance of "Budapest" was superb and shows Tull at their best. The only drawback is that the DVD is not long enough. I would have enjoyed more concert footage and more interviews with the band members and fans. This DVD is a "must have" for Tull fans!
The sound is pathetic.: I was so excited to get this dvd in the mail yesterday as I am a devoted Tull fan. I collected all the albums, bought the gold cd versions, went to the concerts... I was really expecting this dvd to be a treasured part of my Tull collection. Talk about disappointment! The visual quality is there, the conversations with the band was enjoyable but, when it came time for the band to play the sound sounded like it was coming from a tiny am radio. I plan on keeping the dvd but, its likely going to sit on the shelf in my closet and draw dust. What were they thinking when they recorded this?!!!!!!!
Don't waste your money on this: Much is said about this DVD. I must admit that i am very dissapointed with it. For me a good concert DVD should be representative of what the concert was like. A concert from start to finish and not overproduced with cheap effects, images from other concerts in between and interviews during the songs (Bouree!)It's a matter of taste I suppose but to give an indication of what I find excellent concert DVD's: Roger Waters'In the FLesh and Roxy Music Live at the Apollo.Another thing that bothers me is the fact that there is no live feel to the DVD. You get the feeling that a lot of songs were recorded without audience during soundcheck or reheasals.It's a shame that an excellent band like Tull who are live very good release a piece of [junk] like this. Avoid this one.
I Couldn't Believe What I Was Hearing?: Well first of all, I have to be perfectly honest here. I've been away from Kristin for about 10 to 12 years. So, I put Hips & Makers in the CD player and immediately came to Amazon and purchased about $75 worth of Kristin Hersh's CD's and could not believe what I was hearing! Trust me when I tell you, she will never top Hips & Makers. Each and every one "Sucked"! Awful! Totally washed up! Sorry Kristin, but I'm just telling it like it is! I want my money back! JMHO!
Arnold fills Barry's shoes nicely again: This CD is a lot of fun to listen to! It integrates the traditional 007 theme with high-charged "spy" music that works even when not paired wtih the film. Garbage breaks the streak of mediocre title songs with a real doozy--I think it helps that David Arnold understands how to provide music for a Bond movie. He's the John Barry for the next phase of the franchise, and this music lives up to that high standard.One note of annoyance--where's the opening title sequence music, which sets the musical tone for each Bond film? An upsetting oversight.If you're a Bond fan, you'll get a kick out of this CD.
Could Be Better: I thought the original 007 music was dull. Now I think I think I wasted my money on that CD
Worst Maiden ever: I hate to be critical of any band's releases, but this CD is just plain terrible... I think to blame is to production quality. Maiden jumping labels to smaller label CMC may have had something to do with it. I didn't mind Blayze's voice so much it was the sloppy production sound that annoyed me (maybe CMC didn't have the budget of a Capital or Epic, I don't know). I bought this album for the cover. I thought it looked cool and I was curious to hear the new vocalist. Glad I bought a used copy. Sorry folks, this is the worst Maiden album ever. If you want to hear Maiden with Blayze, then check out the latest "Virtual XI" it is much better than the X-Factor.
THis isn't even a CD ....: STEVE made such a horrible album, and tells everyone that it is one of the best ever produced by Maiden... How ? It has a horrible singer ( correction: a good singer caught in a band losing its creative genius ), a barely tolerable second guitarrist (Janick Gers), some incredibly lousy songs (like "2 A.M." and "BLOOD ON THE WORLD'S HANDS") and a pair of songs identical to each other !!!! I tought this was the bottom for Maiden, until "VIRTUAL ELEVEN" came out and it was worse !! But "BRAVE NEW WORLD" put things in place ocne and for all... (Although not being a masterpiece)
Blaze got power but not the style.: This is a dark album, and I don't say it for the color. You'll love songs like "Sign of the cross" and "Man on the edge"... But blaze is not exactly what you think.His voice is deeply annoying sometime, but is excellent. THis album deserves a looking.You won't be dissapointed
Recorded, written, and Maiden hell: "Nothing is ever the way it should beWhat we deserve we just don't get you see..."-"Man on the Edge", Iron MaidenTruer words may never have been spoken.With a delivery flatter than the bridge of Nicko McBrain's nose, new vocalist (and comically-monikered) Blaze Bayley does his damnedest to dig Iron Maiden's (and music in general) grave with this effort. Even the patented guitar chops of Jannick Gers can't save this bomb, which left me reeling over two quarts of chili bean and Schlitz-infused puke. The whole thing is a travesty really, a sonic mess that does nothing but cause split ends in my ear hair.Kevin DuBrow must be spinning in his grave.
What was Steve Harris thinking?: First of all I am and will always be a huge maiden fan. I am also not a purist who thinks that Bruce is irreplaceable as great as he is, but what the hell were they thinking when they picked this guy to repalace one of the greatest metal singers in history. I found myself cringing at the vocals. I listened to the album twice and that is all I and my devout Maiden friends could bear.I felt that maiden started to lose it with no prayer, but this is terrible.Thank goodness for Brave New World. If you have never listened to Iron Maiden avoid this album, start with Piece of Mind, Powerslave, or most of the stuff between 79-88. Sorry Blayze, nothing personal.
Norton Anthology of Western Literature, Vol 1: The book arrived promptly. The condition was even better than the online description, and I am very pleased with my purchase.
Never arrived.: Placed an order, and waited over a month, and it never even shipped, much less arrived. Unacceptable for ordering school books, it put me behind on my class.Not reccomended.
Misleading picture: I agree with the reviews that say sizing is way off. It is tiny! Also, very different from the advertised picture. Probably about one tenth of the toole. Looks more like a purple skirt with a few small pieces of toole aroung the waist that isnt even as long as the lining! Looks straggly and cheap. I'm going to have to purchase tool and do some sewing before Halloween!
Like the original? I think not.: If you ever had one of these as a kid in the late 60's to early 70's, don't hope this will bring back great memories. It must be made of a different material. It doesn't have the weight or the high bouncing ability of the original. A ball purchased for 50 cents from a vend machine bounces higher than this ball. Very dissapointed.
sacred hunger: One of the most difficult, slow and overly detailed booksi have ever read. Not at all worth the time.
Memorex DvD-RW did not work: My Canon DC100 would not write to these dvds. The disc came up as unreadable. I tried all three and was unsuccessful in recording or reading the disc on my Canon video camera.
junk: total never did any thing for me. a big waist of time money and space. i threw it away immediately.
Recommended: ...An inspirational book to me on my journey (and one of the single greatest cover photos in the history of publishing!).This wonderful book, and the wisdom and joy inside it, deserve a wider audience. Enjoy it for yourself.
Four Brothers is a 4 Star DVD: Four Brothers takes the drama to your TV. When I bought this movie I thought there was going to be more action in it but it was more of a thriller, action and drama mixed into one. All four main actors delivered and I liked the fact that the mixed up the race 2 whites and blacks so it made the movie have different personalities and backgrounds. Also each brother had a different background but I thought it was cool how each brother was there to have each other's back. Even after the one brother ended up getting killed that's when they really came together. Lots of good fighting and action scenes I liked the end when they decided to bury the guy alive under the ice. Overall four brothers is a great movie and if you can pick it up for $9.99 that would be a good pick up and I'll go with 4 out of 5 stars DVD.
Kinda Corny but entertaining: I liked all of the characters in the movie and it was a decent story line, some of the things were just a little far fetched for me.
Guns and that is all: All this movie was was guns and shooting and a hard to follow plot. If you like guns and blood, you may like it.
Lame and hard to take seriously: I'll be honest I never finished this movie. It was that bad. The trailer is great but this film was more group therapy than anything else. I like the idea of adopted children coming together to find their mother's killer. But it was weak. I think they spent most of their time playing ice hockey than anything else. I got rid of it but I think the main character tried using a gun to get the attention of everyone in the gymnasium. Nobody took him seriously, and neither did I.Good concept, bad script and actors that tried with what they had.
Waste of time: I got this film because I'm from Detroit where this takes place. It's a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive mother's killer. Usual smartass remarks, guys talking BS, fights, shootouts, blah, blah, blah. I guess these kind of movies will always be made and when made well they can be fun to watch. This script was mediocre at best. Give me a Clint Eastwood or Bruce Willis film any day over this tripe.
not worth watching: This views like a high school art movie, the script is juvenille, the plot wanders aimlessly at times and its flat. Devoid of any climax , plot twist, moral or life lessons I am left to wonder, what in the world was this movie supposed to be about exactly????
3 Lads, An American Fool and One Night: A really senseless piece of work. The story lacked any meaning or focus. Of course, being a "director's cut" I didn't expect there would be much time for character development. But even at that it was a disappointment. The acting was mundane.
Doors box not perfect, but worth getting.: Although pricey, the new Doors box can be found at well below the retail list price. In fact, I found it at such an incredibly discounted price, I couldn't pass it up (as I already have the original remasters, which still sound great and I wasn't planning to get the new box). After popping one of the CDs into my player, I was delighted to see the little green HDCD light go on. Yes, these are HDCD remasters and the sound is absolutely incredible (and will sound great even without an HDCD player). The packaging features mini-LP replicas of the original album covers (unfortunately made with somewhat flimsy cardboard, unlike the high-quality Japanese mini-LP reissues of other bands) and a nice book with tons of unpublished photos. All in all, if you're a Doors fan, find the best price you can and buy yourself this box for Christmas. You won't regret it.
A Real Gift: Well here it is Valentines Day and I opened the box set. It was an inventive appraoch. But... We-( The Doors Fanatics ) want more! The graphic collage was admiribal. ( I must say the box suxs though ( needs to be a bit larger. Re-invention of the vinyl style is cool.Three things are missing here. 1. An American Prayer. 2. The lost songs I have on 8-track 3. A splif. If you are lost to what I said read the book. Other wise its a.. well nice job. Jim we all miss you! The End
disappointed: It is disappointing to see the fifth release of material on CD that has already been released on CD. It could have been made very much better. I am very disappointed, it seems the New Doors (as everybody should call them) are only in in for the myth and for the money.
Delusions of granduer: Lizzie confuses candidness with insight. Her prose is stilted, her perspective is entirely self-congragulatory and thus narow to an extreme. I am astounded at the positive reviews this book has recieved. The only real insight it seems to offer is the extreme mania and and detatched from reality quality that Lizzie, despite her claims to be managing her very real illness, evidences on every page. My sense is that people are intruiged with this book due to the voyeuristic opportunity to access a hip young new york ivy leaguer's life. Baring all isn't really that hard, but crafting an insightful and well-written book should still be on lizzie's to-do list.
OUTSTANDING!!!!: I cannot say enough about the little vehicles from the movie "Cars". We were lucky to purchase 8 of them the week before the movie released and I just purchased 2 more of the sets. I have heard the trouble in getting these little gems and I think it was supply/demand shortsightedness. My 5 year old son plays with the vehicles for hours and does not even want me to throw the packaging away! I can definitely say they are worth the money to buy. Hopefully, more will be available in the future.
not satisfied: this mouse was good at first, but after about a month it stopped working. would not recommend anyone to buy this.
Disapointing - especially compared to the rest of the series: I have long been a fan of this series and I jumped at thechance to get the next game. I knew before hand that the graphicswould not be the best around, but that wasn't important. The problem was the game felt hollow. There was much less of a plot then any of the others in the series, and was overall disappointing. The gameplay isn't that bad, but I wouldn't recommend this game for any but the most stalwart fans of the series.Might and Magic 6 and 7 were great games in my opinion.
Should Have Read it in High School: I found this book to be ponderous and quite a bit less than the thriller it is touted to be. Although it was apparent the entire saga was going to take place in short period of time, I was never drawn to the "Oh my gosh, they better hurry!" that I'm sure was intended. The ending was somewhat anticlimatic, and the processess kind of outdated. I don't know: Maybe I should have read it when it came out and I was in High School... Definitely not Chrichton at his best.
A suspenseful story with surprises around every corner.: The ANDROMEDA STRAIN is one of Crichtons best. It is very exciting and makes you think about how scary being sick can be. It is about a small town called Peidmont in Arizona. A government satlelite lands there and is opened. Inside is an unknown terestrial virus from space. The virus is taken isolated and contained while the government biological wildfire project is executed. But the virus mutates and then the real danger starts. The ANDROMEDAN STRAIN is an interesting novel from the author of JURRASIC PARK.
This book is a masterpiece that will be remembered forever: A disabled satelite plumits to earth witha deadly disease inside. It lands in a town in Arizona, and creates chaos killing every one and everything in its path. "A total masterpiece"
Cynosure Scallions on the Mountain Look Downwards (Upon?) the Zebus & Sevens: Really tried to like this book. Premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. Discursive scientific literalizations distract & disorient. Crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow. I dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak; they don't come across to the reader as likeable.
Not that great: Since early about November of last year have been on a Crichton spree of sorts...and i can honestly say this is the worst Crichton novel i have read...the whole book is fairly boring...it is ALOT of scientific talk and not alot of action...but the ending is just not good at all...the ending left me wondering why i read that whole book...it is EXTREMELY anti-climactic...pretty much the only thing that kept this book out of the 1-star range for me was that i liked the idea...read if you want...i just dont like it
Disappointing: Information not clear that product MUST be bolted down to be of any use. Impossible to use without securing to work surface - tough if you have stone.Turned about 20% of meat to mush.Really disappointing. Can't recommend for anyone.
not happy with grinder: Upon receiving this grinder I discovered a part missing; should have two sized grinding hole attachments and only received one. Took me 5 days to receive a call back from the company to take care of my complaint. Was told the missing "wheel" would be sent to me. After several weeks I still have not received the part. Also the actual grining parts do not fit well. Would not recommend this to anyone. Am still waiting for the part.
very cheap: It was broke when I got it I was so mad I bought this for my grandma and it was broke when it arrived to her house.
Broke immediately: The meat grinder is plated and the plating began flaking off when we tried to use it the first time. It wasn't worth the trouble to return, so I pitched it.
buyer beware: I wanted the grinder as pictured. However, I was mailed the Clamp down. Upon advising the vendor, I was e-mailed back stating that I should have been specific that I wanted the bolt down as shown on photo....okay, whatever. To add to insult the grinder sent appeared to be a return or restock. I'll have to try to get rid of it in a garage sale..Weston 36-1001-W Deluxe H/D Manual Tinned Meat Grinder w/ Deluxe Accs Kit (#10)
Product was manufactured poorly: The wooden handle was broke and the cookie attachment didn't fit with it because the notch in the grider did not line up with it. We returned the item.
This album is for Bone Players !: Ignore the previous reviewer. If you look at all that guy's reviews they are all one star and completely negative. At least he is consistant and I hope he cheers up soon.Here is a nice album recorded live at a session with Mingus bringing together 4 of the great modern trombonists. If ya don't like bebop don't buy it. Such a dichotomy of approaches to playing the instrument. A feast for jazz trombonists and a chance to hear these guys stretch out !
Not Recommended: I bought these on the hope that I'd find a relatively unknown but excellent canalphone. I was wrong. The sound is tinny and the build quality was sub-par. They broke within a month. Not Recommended!
Please go to the next one...: This was my first Linda Howard book and unfortunately, it may be my last. Open Season was very shallow in its story line. Characters jump into situations without much thought and the book seems to have been written on a whim.
Fun and Easy read: I recommend this book to anybody who wants to read a little drama, suspicion and romance all in one. Once I started I couldn't put the book down.
Good book: I haven't read a whole lot of this author yet, but after this book I might read a few more and go from there, it was fun!
Great Read!!!!!!!!: I laughed and grinned all the way through. These two will stay with me for a long while.
violence against dogs: I have a real problem with the suggestion to training dogs using threats, violence, etc. It seems one could take the time to train a herding dog rather than use the boogie bag.
Great Book!: I bought this book to add to my collection of Ellen White's Writing. I love her writings which are very clear and to the point and is in line with the Word of God.
SCREAMING EAGLE SITS ALONE!!!: In college I had a buddy who was partial to "our ladies of girth". Now, this friend, lets call him "Roy" always used to tell me that his nickname for these said ladies was, "Screaming Eagles." I never really delved into the etymology of the phrase, but I had a feeling it was moist, love-handled and ready to leverage.I recently purchased this shirt for my "Roy". He was delighted. Now, along with his chivalrous attitude for his heavy nights he could be attaired in style.Truly, when you purchase this shirt and hit the night for a prowling adventure into the deep esteemless night. Just before you reach into the caverns of heavey bliss thank "Roy" for being a trailblazer.Remember, rock infinitely.
Moved: I first heard this album when I met this guy during spring break. When he first put it in I just liked a couple of songs but after playing it over and over again I grew to like the whole thing a whole lot. I was looking for the CD but I can't find it in any stores. I think this album puts a whole lot of emotion and feeling into it. After listening to this I now have a favorite group- THE OUTLAWZ and TUPAC!! I am going to be truthful with you, if you like any type of rap or Tupac you will love this album, so go out and try to find it in the stores.PEACE OUT YALL!!
A great lesson for the creation and extension of jazz singin: What a pleasure to listen to this album. Five CD's take some time go through but it is worth every minute. The way this album is assembled is pure genuis by Prof. O'Meally. This album should be enjoyed by young adults as well and up to senior's. If one doesn't enjoy this album, one must be brain dead.
Not worth the money: First of all it is a very short book about 40 pages, paper-back, and most of it is covered with pictures, also the book size is about 5"x6"; it's more like a brochure. That's fine if you want pictures, but it leaves little room for information. I certainly didn't expect to have the first half of the book giving pictures and descriptions of all of these different tree frogs, I bought it for the Red-eyes.The second half of the book (20 pages) gives little information. It doesn't even show cage setups.My advice, save your money and do a search on the internet, you will get more information.
A Great Read: Population: 485 is a wonderful taste of rural firefighting and emergency response. The personalities are a microcosom of most country departments, and Perry shows the humorous and tragic sides of the business in an authentic and highly personal way. Highly recommended.Gary RymanAuthor of "Fire Men: Stories From Three Generations of a Firefighting Family[...]
The Pager!: The attention to the little details is what makes this book great for those of us in the business. Particularly anyone who has ever run volunteer fire, the chapter in which he describes what the pager going off next to your head in the middle of the night does to your system is priceless and deadon accurate... this book is a must read.
A thoughtful celebration of what ties us together: What a treat to find this great new book! This is a memoir by the most interesting character you could imagine. Michael Perry is a poet, a registered nurse, a trained EMT and a volunteer fire fighter. After years away from his small home town in rural Wisconsin, he returns and writes about the things that happen to him there. The result is a funny and often moving account of the things that are really important in life - with insights that can be gained only from a man faced daily with life and death situations. Perry has a beautiful cadence to his storytelling and makes the transition from laugh out loud storytelling to heart-wrenching tragedies seamlessly. I swallowed the book whole and marked up my copy with underlined quotations and margins full of stars of agreement. A definite must-read.
DOESN'T WORK ON ORDINARY BOOTS: COULD BE THIS IS FOR COWBOY BOOTS ONLY WHICH I DON'T HAVE. WOULD LIKE TO RETURN IT AS DOESN'T WORK ON BARBOUR RUBBER BOOTS ETC. WHAT DOES WORK IS OLD FASHIONED PLASTIC BAGGIES IN BOOTS!!! MAYBE RUN WITH THAT CONCEPT AND DESIGN LONG LASTING PLASTIC BAGGIE TYPE LINERS AND YOU'LL HAVE A WINNER. Meryl
Do not let others fool you!: I repeat - Do not let others fool you because this event was one of the worst WWF pay per views ever. Actually, I think this very well might be the worst pay per view in half a decade!The undercard was dreadful and the main event was not good. This was a sad mistake for a pay per view event!If you like only sports entertainment and could care less about wrestling, this may very well be the one for you! Hell, The Corporate Ministry are in every segment and practically come out after every match... FUN!
Renewing The Faith and Recharging The Faithful: One of the rarest of things in popular music: A live performance that sounds great, captures the spirit of the artist, and is not hackneyed. Maybe these Parrot Heads are just getting too old to get really rowdy, but despite the background excitement and enthusiasm they complement the performance. When was the last time you heard a live concert where the artist can not only turn the singing over to the audience but they respond with all the words right AND without mumbling or confusion? Enough to make an old pirate willing to risk the Jumpouts setting up dope deals and all the spilled beer just to experience the pure joie de vivre.Buffett does many of his classics and standards, some in moderately new ways, with a voice that hasn't suffered irreparable Margarita damage and euphoria undiminished by hair loss. Even if hard core fans suspect he wears underwear again, they'll forgive him for this work.
If Jimi still lived he would punch the guy!: Hey, I'm Willem from Holland. I'm a guitarplayer and a big Hendrix fan and have been looking for good interpertations of Hendrixsongs by other artists. So i found this album by Jean-Paul Bourelly and i couldn't believe my ears!! Did this guy just started to play guitar or something?!! He sounds like he just got home at 7 am, totally ... and ... and picked up his guitar while the vomit is still dripping out of his mouth. It's an insult to Jimi's incredible creative mind to try to sell this to maybe unknowing people, who like to know Hendrix better. If you want to buy a decent coveralbum, buy Stone free. But this is ...!!
Outdated Postal Rates: The scale is every thing I wamted. The problem is it came with outdated postal rates. Exchanged twice and the same outdated postal rates. I have a third order on the way and hope it has today's postal rates.
I've Been A Round: This book is a compilation of short stories Tania wrote for a magazine. I did not find it as informative or interesting as her first book Maiden Voyage. Sadly, if you are looking to learn something about sailing, there is not a lot of meat in this book....however, her first book is terriffic.
missing pages !!: I'm one starring(?) sheridan house not Tania, I'd like to read it if I can find a complete copy :-)))I bought two copies (presents) some time ago and only recently was told both copies were missing nearly fifty page" right in the best part" P 125 thru 176.
POS - into the garbage: This POS goes into the garbage.I just made up 11 bags. To seal a single end it took between 48 - 53 seconds of pressing downwards with 25- 30 pounds of pressure...only to seal one single end on one single bag. Yes, I timed it.Does this product work? yes technically speaking. Is it an awkward POS that sucks the joy out of whatever project you are working on? Yes, technically speaking. I'd avoid this one
DON'T DO IT!: This film is a disaster. It is unfortunate that talented people (Mos Def) had to "dumb down" to share a screen with Beyonce' Knowles. Ms. Knowles needs to stick to shaking her behind because acting is not a talent she possesses. The music is a joke and the "all-star cast" needs to spend more time trying to salvage their music careers. Do not waste precious minutes of your life watching this train wreck. Watch Carmen Jones instead and see just how it's supposed to be done.
Entertaining.: This was a great way to teach history. Ha! There is a lot of action in this movie and it is actually quite entertaining. The music and singing is really good too.
Awesomely cool: An amazing movie with Josh Hutcherson. Two younger kids play a game that brings them into space and takes you too.Great to watch on movie nights
this is a neat kids movie: When you see the couch burning in outer space you know this movie isa kid's fantasy version of sci fi, but that doesn'tmake the excitement and adventure any less!Some really funny stuff goes on in this movie like the teenage sister freezing solidand the robot that wants to kill the alien life-form Walter...I enjoyed the movie actually more than Jumanji,but that same kind of lesions are taught.Stepped in what and didn't wipe your feet after...
Ruined by two foul words: I never write reviews, but how could I resist when this request appeared on my e-mail? My three-year-old son called me a "bi-atch" the other day. I was shocked -- we don't even have TV! After questioning his teachers at school, I gave up on finding the source until I heard this movie play in our van. The first thing Walter says to his robot is, "Get me a juice box, bi-atch." I also have to point out that Sammy screams, "You're such a dick" to his brother in the first 20 minutes of the movie. Now why on earth would they have to ruin such a good movie with two words?
Not very good: I hate the characters in this. Everything is fake to them. They think they can pretend their way through life. Why would I emotionally invest in a play if none of the characters are worth my time? There are some deep, important issues touched on, depression and suicide, but I prefer these issues be approached in an entertaining way. People don't go to plays to feel bad about life.
TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!: Chances are none of these will work. Don't waste your money on memorex like I did! Try Verbatim instead, they work every time. Nothing more frustrating than watching discs fail one after another after another! I will never buy memorex discs again!!
dual layer dvd disk for what?: I STILL AM NOT SURE WHY I PURCHASED THESE (6) DUAL LAYER DVD'S AFTER ONE YEAR ON MY SHELF, I TRIED TO BURN A DVD MOVIE ON ONE, AS IT WAS TOO LARGE FOR A STANDARD DVD AND IT COPIED HALF AND THEN QUIT, RUINING THE DUAL LAYER DISK AND LEAVING ME UNABLE TO MAKE A COPY OF THE MOVIE I WAS WANTING TO BACK UP. SO UNLESS YOU HAVE A REAL NEED FOR A DUAL LAYER DISK I WOULD NOT ADVISE YOU TO MAKE THE PURCHASE.
Fifty-dollar list price for a novel??? Gimme a break!: The first problem I have with this book is the absolutely laughable price tag. Even at Amazon's discount, thirty-five bucks is still a joke for a novel!The second problem I have with this novel is that it simply isn't very good. The author is second rate, at best. So, since it's a second rate work of fiction, shouldn't it be priced at about half the price of a popular novel, such as those by Stephen King, Tom Clancy, etc...?Where does a nobody clown that no one ever heard of get off trying to gouge people for fifty bucks, and for a cheesy work of fiction to boot!?!?!?The 2 guys who gave it 5 stars are paid reviewers, I'm not (and one of them even states that the book isn't very good). I just like to read, and I work for a living. Take my advice: Before you even think about tossing your money away on this book, go to a bookstore and read the first couple of pages. Once you've done that, I suspect you'll put your money to better use.
My dog's absolute favorite: I've found all AKC dog toys to be of excellent quality. They are last quite a long time and are not easily torn up. My dog is particularly fond of the fox, but all of the AKC toys we have purchased have been good. Even though we currently have two of theses foxes "in play," I purchased another two for back-up as the AKC toys seem to have become more difficult to locate.
Oh, well.: I got this for my Border Collie pup, who up to this point has ripped and gutted every plush toy we've tried but one. I read reviews of some of the other AKC toys, but decided to try the Hedgehog since it reminded me of a small hedgehog that was one of his first and favorite toys. Unfortunately, the BC started tearing the fur out immediately, and after the first day the hedgehog was nearly bald. On day 2, the BC found a seam on the mostly denuded hedgehog, ripped it open, gutted it, and took the squeaker as a victory token, leaving me with a mess to clean up. I knew it would be hard to find a plush toy that would hold up to the abuse of a ripper-type pup; this one failed the test. Oh, well.
My pup seems to like the shape and furry back of this hedgehog: I purchased a BUNCH of AKC dog toys for my beloved pup, as she LOVES to play. There is simply no way my dog can squeak this toy, but she likes the round shape and the hedgehog back. I believe what I have here is a small version, but is still absolutely unsqueakable by my 13lb lhasa apso who plays like there is no tomorrow because of the size of her mouth. However, she does love balls, so I believe the hedgehog does give that attraction. It's also plusher than some of the AKC toys, which I like. Good deal for the price. Great for medium size dogs.
AKC Classic Plush Mallard: This is another one of the AKC toys that I bought for my dog (does this stand for THE American Kennel Club and do they recommend these toys???)If they do, they should not. All but one of these brand of toys quit (the noise makers) within a few minutes after giving to my dogs. My dogs love the squeakers and do not want them after they quit working. The only one that held up in this brand was the raccoon. We have several toys of a different brand that have worked well for years - even after washing them - the squeakers still work!Bob
Dogs favorite: This is our third Squirrel plush toy in the last two years. The several daily thrashings it receives are a testament to its popularity and endurance. I does suffer an occasional loss of limb and stuffing but the excellent fabric holds a stitch well and and the dogs don't mind how it looks afterwards.I would give it five stars but the squeaker in the torso is sub par.
Squirrel Flyer: This toy is nice and sturdy because of the rope. I usually don't buy plush toys for my lab, no matter how well made they are, they do not last. This one is much better and you can toss it. Nice. I do recommend this even for the dogs that are rough with toys.
Best book on raising emotionally healthy boys: I was nervous about having a boy, having been raised in an all female family, but knowing a lot about boys from the boyfriend-girlfriend point of view. How could I raise my son so that he would grow up in touch with his own feelings but unafraid to be a man? This book offers a clear and convincing argument for change, and a pretty straightforward solution to the problem.
The naked truth about love,sex,and relationships: This book is the truth and nothing but the truth!Everyone should have this book.It is a true reference to life as we live it.Before starting any relationship,one should read it.It touches so close to home,you wont be able to put it down.My Advice to you 'GET YOUR OWN COPY"
True Hyderabadi: An eye opener. Samina, has explored old city Hyderabad life, and desribed it to the T. A great story or double lives lived by westerners, with eastern origin. Really enjoyed it, and looking forward to her next book.
The Heart Sutra: The Heart of Perfect Wisdom is actually the ancient Sanskrit Mantra from the Heart Sutra, one of the Buddha's most beloved and well known teachings. "Om, gone, gone, gone beyond, gone far beyond...Enlightement, AH!/(Amen) is a rough translate of the Sanskrit into English. This is one of the most beautiful renditions of this mantra I have ever heard.
Fun and feel-good movie: Queen Latifah and her team of less determined/confident beauty shop workers and supporters kept me laughing throughout their battle to create a successful beauty shop. Will they manage to survive the series of obstacles thrown at them by the well known and well-connected competition? (good vs evil) It is a very entertaining combination of drama and comedy. I've never seen a movie with Queen Latifah that I haven't loved, and this is no exception.
Works good, once you get it working: Not a bad product for the price, but can be difficult to get set up without all the right stuff. I bought it to use with a Nikon D5000. Initial problem was I couldn't get it focused with either the 18-55 or the 55-200 lens. The extension tube needs to be just a bit longer. Fortunately, a +2 close-up adapter between the lens and the copier did the trick. The 3-slide holder is tight and difficult to use with older, paper slide mounts. It would have been more efficient to just eliminate that part altogether and drop single slides in from the top. Everything seems to fit too tightly for easy use, but I guess that would loosen up over time. All-in-all it does a good job for the price once you get past the considerable setup curve. Comes with no instructions - you have figure it out yourself.
Slide Copier: Just as the film copying system previously rated, this too was purchased to record priceless slide film assemblies prior to the Digital Camera era. Was time consuming but worked to archive those precious memories.
Tentative review: I don't know what to make of the Opteka Digital Duplicator. I am trying to use it on my Nikon D60 DSLR. I have a 55-200 mm zoom lens and an 18-55 mm. I have been trying to get a decently focused image, but, try as I may, I get a blurred image using either lens. I write this hoping somebody will tell me what I need to do.
Terrible transfer!!! Do not buy this!: I have about 4000 DVDs and have seen bad transfers in my life. This DVD is one of the worst. The color is washed away, it is fogy and it is in 1.33:1 but should be in 2.35:1. I just started to watch the film and don't know if I will watch any more. So if you care for picture quality (like I do) then stay away from this DVD. I'm writing this short review because I wish someone had warned me about the transfer before I bought it.
Review of A Deliverate Life: Good book overall.....I liked the references Pam makes to her Christian outlook. As a Christian, I always enjoy the perspective of other Christians.....
THIS BOOK IS HOT !! SIDESPLITTING !!: This tome was worth it !! A must read, to encourage anyone to press on, despite the person in your life. No matter what they do to you. You are worhtwhile, everyday of your life !! It is funny, sad, serious, and sexy -all in one !! A must read !! Get it as soon as possible !!
SUPERB: I borrowed this book from a friend and I must say I was very pleased. I love books that make me feel the characters and this book does just that.I love your work Mr. Hardy. I can't wait for your new work of art.Keep up the good work!!!!
awesome: I plan on buying at least one more copy of this in case anything happens to the first one. This is a perfect album for meditation or just to soothe your stress. It truly reaches you at a soul level. Do not hesitate to buy this CD, you will reach for it over and over.
at least it was better than the first!!!!!: not as good as i thought it would be.Not very good effects,same as the first.It did have a different storyline and better ending than the first.Only if you liked the first!!
Telling the ending first ruins the story: David Ellis attempts to use a different approach to the telling of this story. He begins at the end. But once the cat is out of the bag, there is nothing left of this tale. It could have been an interesting mystery told if told chronologically, but in this manner it was tedious. The confusion is in trying to remember how something was told - was it during another conversation? Was it by the narrator? And with only two people on the audio, it was sometimes difficult to tell the difference between the characters.I was also not very keen on the abridgement version either. The dialogue was trite, the setting non-existant, and the characters stiff and without life. It could have been partly the fault of the voices, but most of the blame belongs on the writing.Very poor effort and barely good enough to finish.
Yoda a Book Writes: Ellis can usually be counted on to write a riveting thriller with plenty of unique twists. This is a thriller with one unique twist: the chapters are written backwards.It's possible that Ellis first completed this novel in regular format and then inverted the order of the chapters in order to give the book a gimmick. If so, I hope it never happens again. The story itself is convoluted due to the chronololgy being mixed-up, and the twists seem to be a deus-ex-machina.It would have helped Ellis if he'd done more to make us like the characters, but he didn't.This is the first of his books I won't be giving to my friends to read. I'll give it to people I don't like.
No and No! Too Ridiculous!: As others before me, I really hated this book and only finished it because I have enjoyed Ellis' previous books and thought he might somehow pull this off. The backwards episode was one of the few - perhaps the only one - on SEINFELD I did not care for. It was fun the first time, but that was comedy!! Why David Ellis thought this was a good idea I cannot imagine. Perhaps he was bored and liked the novelty of the idea. NO! It was at his reader's expense It was terrorist/politician/scientist/lobbiest all pulled together; a subject I would find boring in the usual format. This is an excellent way to lose the respect of his readers. Forgetting the backwards format, I found one-half page chapters unacceptable, and the writing seemed stilted andamatuerish. Outside of that, well read at your own risk. Oh, in addition I take issue with all the favorable professional reviews. I guess they were afraid to pan it.
Russian: A Self-Teaching Guide: A valuable reference on Russian grammar, detailed and well-explained. A student would need a Russian-English dictionary in conjunction with the use of this book.
Dog Eye Wash: I have a dog with chronic eye problems and use a lot of eyewash. This is a big bottle and I got it when I needed another item for Super Saver Shipping. It works well. I just need to enlarge the dropper tip hole.
An excellent ending to an excellent series: I grew up reading the Samurai Cat series and cannot recommend the books eneough. I've read each book number of times, and every time I reread them I get jokes that I had previously missed or hadn't gotten. The only books that I have ever read that made me laugh out loud.Rogers is a master and his work is incredibly unique and refreshing. Thanks for taking the time and making the effort to write some truly wonderful satire.I'm sorry to see him go, but thankful for knowing him.Saionara Tomokato.
Keep your money in your pocket: This speaker is only slightly louder than the internal speakers in my IBM laptop.
Buyer Beware!!! Deceptive Advertising.: ***BUYER BEWARE*** The photographs associated with this item, the Stoney Point Stix II, will lead you to believe that you will receive two stands - a tall one and a short one. Both are pictured in the list thumbnail photo and both are pictured when you open the item description. For the additional ten dollars that would be a good deal. ***BUYER BEWARE***. When I received my shipment all that I received was a SINGLE SHORT BIPOD. The item I was shipped is no different than the other short bi-pod I own already, except for the camo finish. DO NOT SPEND THE EXTRA $10.00 THINKING THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE TWO BI-PODS. You will receive the same equipment that you would get by purchasing the item listed for $22.68. ***BUYER BEWARE***.
Very Dissapointed!: When I received the "30 Pegaditas de Oro, Vol. 1" I couldn't wait to listen to the 30 best Cumbia songs of Pastor Lopez. When the first song began I was like "WOW" (Thirty of Pastor Lopez best Cumbias). My joy did not last very long, after I realized that ALL the songs were not the entire songs!!! The whole CD is like a MIX!!! The CD only plays the introduction of each song and when you're ready for the rest of each song you hear the beginning of the other song!!! I was very dissapointed!! I cannot enjoy the songs this way!!! Help!!!!!
EXCELLENT Text BOOK!: I really like the way that this book is written. The material is clearly written and easy to follow. Also, the chapter lay-out works well nicely!
Best math book I've ever had: This book is a fabulous resource... explains things in as clear a way as Linear Algebra can be. If you want deeper understanding, many concepts are described in more depth, and most proofs are given in detail. It's not filled with cartoons and useless pictures like some textbooks, but clear, concise explanations of what turns out to be an interesting and fairly simple area of mathematics.
This a very good family movie: I've seen this movie several times on cable and I highly recommend it to kids who are starting to play a musical instrument in their school band.
Great Danny Kaye Movie!: This isn't your standard Court Jester, Inspector General or Walter Mitty Danny Kaye. More serious and dramatic but still great! You will love this movie if you love Danny Kaye. Gives you a different glimpse of him, but just as good as the Danny Kaye standards.
Five Pennies Region 2: You should let people know that Region 2 is not able to be viewed in the United States. The movie is useless to me, because it won't play. I was really looking forward to seeing this film from my childhood, but was very disappointed. Nowhere was it stated what Region 2 meant. Very frustrating.
The Five Pennies: A rather more different production to feature Danny Kaye but his talents are ably displayed as he portrays a musician and father. Be prepared for some sad parts but many aspects of the story ring true to life. Lots of great music and the scenes with Danny Kaye and Louis Armstrong together are cinematic gold.
Tolkien liked it!: See the anecdote, recorded in Douglas Anderson's TALES BEFORE TOLKIEN, that states that Tolkien praised this.
Fine Sound Engineering: For those of you feeling their way into Super-Audio CD, one will note the unevenness of the sound engineering of many reissues in this new format, most are extraordinary but some are simply a compressed file reprinted for SACD. Rest assured that the sound engineers did their job well for the late Mr. Gould. I have listened to the 44khz CD version of this recording a hundred times over a dozen years. But with this SACD I was hearing more, much more. Put this one high on your list!
Great Winter Boot: Ok, I live in Minnesota where it has been -10 for about the last 3 weeks. I spend lots of time out on the ice, ice fishing and these have kept my feet nice and toasty warm. They are a bit on the heavier side, but it's nothing I can't deal with. They stick to the ice great, like I'm walking on cement, and they are the warmest boot I have ever worn. Can't wait to use these for some hunting next fall! Would definitely buy again and I highly recommend them.
hot dog anyone?: John Kennedy Toole presents an eloquent, vibrant look into the life of a consummate educated slacker. The protagonist moves through the pages with nonchalance and the reader vicariously thrills to a life that says, "I am not putting up with hassles."We get a real sense of the experientially rich city that is New Orleans, but with the amazingly diverse set of characters, it is fun to read in a city like New York.It is definitely a tragedy to see yet another example of an artist with a real grasp of living lose his life so young.Toole's legacy - this dynamic comedy opus - will remain.
Not funny, not insightful, just trendy!: This book is a masterpiece of blockheads describing other blockheads, and yet failing to give us any vision of triumph over the stupidity. While many consider it funny, I found the jokes quite stale and the characterizations so blindly obvious that they'd even be out of place on South Park. When does the anti-dunce show up? It's not the protagonist nor, seemingly, the author. I can find no shortage of people overflowing with praise for this tepid hulk of verbiage, but to this experienced reader, it's like bad TV made by hopeless people for an audience of depressed, not very smart people. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Never purchase a Dove Audio product.: I have read this book no less than 7 times. I have seen the play and I anxiously await the making of the movie. I have been a big fan of books-on-tape for a long time. However, Dove Audio needs to get out of the business. Whoever wrote or edited this audio book for Dove should stay with Dove because I no longer purchase their publications - I avoid them like the plague. Reader is very important. It is hard to match F. Murray Abraham, Tony Roberts or Judith Ivey as quality readers, which is clearly demonstrated by Dove who employs the likes of Arte Johnson and Roddy McDowall (Batman). Dove may as well retain Danny Sugerman (No One Here Gets Out Alive) or Stephen King (several bad readings) as readers. All in All, A Confederacy of Dunces on tape was a HUGE disappointment. I had to go back and re-read the book to ease my suffering after listening to this Dove Audio product. HMB
dont waste your time here: i read a confederacy of dunces at the beach over thanksgiving detirmined to finish it over a week. i figured it had to be considering it won the pulitzer prize award for fiction and will ferrell was considering starring in the still pending and possible (i hope not) movie version. i found all 416 pages of this book to be sheer pompousness and pointless. there was little plot..if any apart from the stripper darla's struggle. it was not worth the time to read. trust me. there are plenty of other good books out there.
masterful: A masterpiece! This is the best book I've ever read. The book for the bums of America! The best book about a slacker pushed into the work force ever. Filled with hilarious results.
Totally Crazy!!: This has to be one of the craziest books I've ever read. It is So Funny!!!The Catcher in the Rye and Running With Scissors are the only other books that are in a league with this one.Pure genius!!!!
Just a sad tale of an equally sad boob!: I had a hard time getting through this book, but I read it. Did not see the humor in making fun of such a sad character.
Totally unremarkable: The only interesting thing that kept me going through this book is the fact that so many people loved it. I am quite an omnivorous reader, but this book offers nothing. Even the fart jokes are not funny. I can't understand people (90%!) who professed unrestrained love for this book. Only a little better I can understand those who hated it - probably just a reaction to all the hipe. I did not love or hate this book. This book did not offend me. It bored me.
A struggle: I finally had to put this away without finishing. I found it tedious and not even remotely funny. I got through about half of it and never found anything to hold my interest.
Why cant there be more!: I loved this book. The only thing I disliked is that there is no more to look forward to. Toole's understanding and usage of southern dialect is impeccable. If you love southern novels, you will love this!
Ah, no.: Obviously there are two camps of people that reviewed this book, those that loved it and those that hated it. Not many in between. I'm not sure where the camp of lovers are coming from. This book was not funny. I repeat . . . not funny! I didn't laugh once through the first half of it which is how far I could stand to read. It portrays a pathetic fat slob of a jerk that deserves all the bad that life deals him. It's slow, it's pointless, it's really hard to understand why this is a popular book. Please read the one star reviews as well as the fives before quessing if you'd be a lover or a hater. Yuk.
Not amused: The first chapter of this novel bored me to tears. But, since it is a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, I pressed on. I thought it would get better.It didn't.Most of the characters in this book are not even relatively believable. They are so absurd and unordinary that you can't for one second take any of them seriously. Which, I guess, was supposed to make the book humorous. In my opinion, it was just ridiculous.The worst part of the book was the lack of plot. The story seems to be going nowhere until you get a hundred pages into the book--even then, the plot is questionable. It is really very, very boring.I really don't see how this book won a Pulitzer Prize.
What a loathsome, unpleasant bunch of idiots.: I've heard so much about this book and was able to pick up a copy for 50 cents at a used book sale. I'm glad that's all I spent; nothing about it engaged me. Ignatius spends so much time playing the victim, he reminds me of people I know in real life and can't stand. His mother's no better, clucking and fussing over him when she should be kicking him out of the house. I stopped about a third of the way through chapter 2, they irritated me so much.
wildly funny: This is one of the best books I have ever read (multiple times). Once you get the flavor of the New Orleans dialogue, you will laugh through the entire book. I'm just sorry they have not yet made a movie from it. Ignatius is hysterical.
Yuk, this is funny?: I found this book unfunny, uniteresting and unbearable. One of only two books that I couldn't force myself to finish reading. Save your time and money...avoid this book.
funniest book in the world: this has to be the most humorous book on the face of the earth. john kennedy toole was one of the greatest writers this, or any other country has produced. it is only too bad that he had to kill himself the way that he did, when he did. this book justifies my philosophy that anyhting that can be laughed at should be laughed at.
Agree to disagree: I struggled through this as it was recommended by a friend (and had won a major award). I didn't find it either hysterical or humorous - mostly inane. The only humor being the reality tv sort. If you enjoy watching (or reading about) train wrecks, this might be for you. I know I'm in the minority, but I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
Not as funny as people say, but it's still good: I wanted to read this book because everybody told me that it was the funniest thing they'd ever read. There were a couple of parts that made me chuckle, but I never at any point had to put the book down because I was laughing too hard. Despite this fact, the book is still good and worth a read. Also, I could see how someone nostalgic for "old" New Orleans (pre-Katrina, mostly) might enjoy this book.One thing is for certain. O'Toole definitely showed some promise, and it's a shame he didn't live to grace us with more literature.
Funny!: What a character Ignatius Reilly is! This book lets the reader see both sides of the spectrum,that of,intelligence and stupidity!
depressing: Book was priced right and came in good reading shape. Hard to believe it was up for pulitzer. Sarcasm hard to take for extended periods. not my style. However good character developments and descriptions. Well written if you can see over the depressing characters and lives.
Terrible: This is one of the most poorly written books I have ever read. Neither the "wacky" situations nor the "quirky" characters are funny / compelling. Ignatius's annoying outbursts of "Oh my god!" got repetitive after the first 50 times he utters it, and it distanced me from the character. Perhaps if the manuscript got some heavy editing and a bit of stylizing, the novel would have turned out better (there was potential, to be sure). It baffled me that people saw me reading this book in public and would interrupt me to tell me how great it is and how much they loved it. Because of this, I kept waiting for it to get better, but it never did. This book seems to be a literary equivalent of "the emperor's new clothes".
Large Print Dunced: I love this book and wanted to give my 93 yr young housemate the chance to read it.This large print WAS NOT large at all.I then had to buy her a magnifying glass.
Didn't Help: I was disappointed with this book. I wanted to give it a one, but I don't want to be the worst "Invalidator." I expected to find more information on how to deal with nasty people, but like what someone said, it's chock full of explanations about invalidators. I had to force myself to finish the book. It does have some good insights. But it just fell short of my expectation.
A "must read" for everyone.: An excellent resource for anyone who has ever been put down, criticized, degraded or humiliated by another person, as well as for those who engage in this pattern of abusive behavior.For the first time in 27 years of marriage, I really understand my husband's behavior and why he does the things he does. I was unable to put the book down. I read it twice within 12 hours. It is my story, for I am married to a "one percenter". The information contained in Nasty people must be shared with others in an effort to eliminate nasty people from all of our lives. I have given Nasty People to each of my children, several family members and recommended it to numerous friends.
Children love all of these movies!: This whole set of movies are great. The grand kids love them, but we love them too!
Anything for ISAIAH: I only have 1 grandchild and he loves THE LAND BEFORE TIME.We spend a lot of time together.I am getting so tired of watching the same few episodes over and over. I bought them as stocking stuffers
?: I don't know a title for this review. The review will be "short and sweet" as well. I LOVED IT! I could just picture those kids "doing their thing" as I listened to the music. I'm so glad that this cd was produced.
Beautiful, somber all female comp: Mimi Parker (Low)makes her debut solo effort as does Rebecca Gates (Spinanes) on this compelling follow up to Shanti Project Collection. All the tracks are new or rare and quite satisfying. I'm especially fond of Mimi Parker and Julie Doiron's (Eric's Trip) tunes. The photographs and booklet design is beautiful and overall the cd is well worth adding to your collection.
who wrote piece-of-[stuff]?: This book is at the emotional level of a third grader. There is no concept of suspense, realistic events, or realistic characters. The plot moves like molasses and Peaches Dann speaks to us as if she has no faults (besides her cutesy memory problem). There is no emotion in this story whatsoever. Someone killed my aunt, and is trying to kill me? I'm not going to show any emotion or hide out. I'm going to be stupid and hang around investigating! My latest amazement comes from the fact that it ships in 24 hours from amazon - while reading it, I was somewhat amazed that it was ever published. To sum up, the bright spots of the book were a cat and uhh, the other cat.
Worst helmet I ever bought. In 40 years.: I've been riding bicycles and motorcycles for the past 40 years, wearing all sorts of helmets. Just recently got into inline skating and bought my first ProTec helmet with the skates.Apparently, someone at ProTec forgot that (1) helmets get HOT, (2) people SWEAT, and (3) the glue holding the lining and the padding and the helmet together needs to be WATERPROOF.Any store selling these helmets needs to have their HR manager write up the irresponsible buyers who would put this piece of garbage in their inventory. Yes, it's that bad. If you buy this thing, be prepared to find some nice waterproof glue and reassemble your helmet when it starts coming apart. And it WILL come apart. Unless you're an alien with no sweat glands.
XL fit my huge head: I wear a 17 3/4" hat and the XL fit my head perfectly. This helmet is strong and not bulky like some other helmets I have tried. I use it for bike riding and it keep my head relatively cool.
Just the Best!!!: These cds will take you back to when you were a kid sitting in front of the tv on Saturday morning watching the Little Rascals and eating your Pep or Cheerios. They are spot-on recreations of the music you listened to growing up and watching the Little Rascal shorts. If you are like me, you will be listening and you will mentally flash on a scene from one of the shorts. These are must have discs for your collection.
The soundtrack to "Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest" is excellent!: The soundtrack to "Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest" is excellent! All of the tracks are excellent, except the bonus track, which, of course, doesn't fit in, but it's all right. Still an impressive soundtrack. Hans Zimmer is one of the greatest movie composers ever.Track Listing1. Jack Sparrow2. The Kraken3. Davy Jones4. I've Got My Eye On You5. Dinner Is Served6. Tia Dalma7. Two Hornpipes (Tortuga)8. A Family Affair9. Wheel Of Fortune10. You Look Good Jack11. Hello BeastieBonus Track:12. He's A Pirate - Tiesto Remix
Disappointing soundtrack, music was better in the film...: I was quite looking forward to this soundtrack...I loved Klaus Badelt's soundtrack to POTC: The Curse of the Black Pearl, and I was very pleased to hear most of the themes from the first movie reprised in the second.Also, the second movie added some beautiful new themes by Hans Zimmer that I hoped would be developed further in POTC: Dead Man's Chest soundtrack. No such luck. The best of new tracks, The Kraken and Hello Beastie, suffered from too much mechanical repetition and lacked melody development, wasting their heart wrenching impact...My overall impression from this soundtrack was occasional moments of brilliance muddled by long stretches of sub par instrumentals. Dissapointing!
False advertising: I picked this one up because it clearly stated on the outer packaging and on the inside slim case that the version of I Know What You Did Last Summer included was the exclusive 'Special Edition' with "Director's short film 'Joyride' with optional commentary, exclusive new documentary, music video 'Hush' performed by Kula Shaker, etc." Well, guess what, it isn't. The disc is the original released one sans the pan and scan version on the flip side, what a ripoff.
trite PC rambling: This author has discernible skill, but is unfortunately hobbled by his background. An obvious child of the 60's, his politically-correct philosophy precludes a realistic appraisal of human behavior and hence leads to a leaden portrayal of character traits and motivations. He should limit his activities to the Hollywood scene and forego any attempt at entering the world of honest literary achievement.
Not Worth Your Time: Even though Melissa Gilbert is beautiful in this movie, the script didn't do her justice. I love Christmas movies and really wanted to like this movie, but didn't. The couple "fell in love" too fast. It wasn't believable. Where was the romance? The passion? It was totally underplayed. They could have made this movie so much better than it was.
A Holiday for Love: Our family collects Christmas movies, and around the holidays, we watch nothing else. This is quickly becoming one of our absolute favorites. Melissa Gilbert and Tim Matheson have sweet charming chemistry, and are well paired for this film. Travis Tritt's performance was a surprise to me. I didn't know how well he acted, and loved his character.This is a heartwarming inspirational movie, and one to be viewed over and over again especially around the holidays or when you just need to feel better.
GOOD BUT NOT WORTH $31.00: I really like this movie. I've become a fan of Melissa Gilbert's movies as an adult and this one doesn't let me down. A nice holiday movie for anyone who still believes in the miracle of love. BUT..... it's not worth the outrageous $31.00 that sellers on Amazon are trying to sell it for. Shame on them for putting such a high price tag on this movie! I guess greed isn't reserved for executives in large corporations anymore.
Disappointed: While Road Fools 12 is an amazing video, I am disappointed that I was not warned prior to my purchasing this product that it was an "e-movie" or whatever it's called. I never would have bought it had I realized that it was not available in DVD format. I don't like the idea of sitting at the computer watching this entire video, and none of the devices I own are included in Amazon's list of compatible devices that will allow me to watch this on my TV. Furthermore, there is a "no refund" policy on these "e-movies," so I am stuck with this $15 video that I have yet to, and probably never will, watch in its entirety. This is the first negative experience I have had with Amazon and I hope they will either change their refund policies or add a warning to these kinds of videos in the future.
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water: Long-held secrets and hidden truths are slowly revealed in this beautifully written book presented in three parts - each told through the eyes of a different generation of strong-willed Native-American women. As the plot of this intricate and emotional story unfolds, the reader gets the full impact of the lives of Rayona, Christine, and Ida - a triangle that is both strong as steel and fragile as glass.This was one of the best novels I have ever read, and would recommend it to older teens and adults of all ages. The impact of this story will stay with the reader for many years after the book is tenderly put away or passed on to an eager friend!
one heck of a rollercoaster ride: I had to read this book for College English and I couldn't put it down. Intertwining three strands, one for each character, into a braid is a great metaphor. The fact that the same events were told in different views was incredible. I liked the fact that it was written backwards. Good book!
I think this book was overdramatized.: I had to read this book for my english class and i hated it. It was incredibly boring. It did not have any relavent content in the first 100 pages and everything else after that was just extremely unrealistic.
Immoral and inappropriate for minors: I am not reviewing the story. I am reviewing and warning parents about the content of this book. There are explicit sexual references, offensive slang describing the male genitalia of the girls lover, immoral adult themes, numerous uses of the "F" word and the "S" word, a priest sexually assaults the girl in the story. This book should be banned from schools. Kids get punished in school for using profanity yet the teachers are making them study this filth. What happened to studying venerated classics like Macbeth, Don Quixote, or the Iliad and Odyssey?
The Way It Happened: It is refreshing to see a western film done with such objectivity. The characters are real and are all that more interesting to watch because they are represented as family people who, along with performing what would become legendary deeds, are just trying to get through their everyday lives and relationships. I admire Costner's films because he keeps his characters real and leaves the epic filmaking to the cameraman and the landscape he is shooting. It is no wonder that this film is worth seeing in high definition. The extra features are informative additions and are worth watching.
wyatt earp: Back in college I made a book report on Wyatt Earp, after reading the book, I found out there was a movie. I first rented the vhs, and everything there was in the book, it was in the movie. Great performance by Kevin Costner and the entire cast. Great movie to learn about the greatest lawman ever in the country. Excellent movie to enjoy with the family
best western ever: Kevin Costner doesn't get credit for being as good of an actor as he really is. It's nice to be able to see Warner Bros. release a film in the Western genre that, for once, doesn't have anything to do with Clint Eastwood. Val Kilmer's portrayal of the same character in "Tombstone" wasn't nearly as good as the one in this edition. I don't own the Digital Video Disc yet, so I'm not sure if I read something correctly which said that the actual three-hour feature is split onto two discs. I really hope it isn't.If you enjoy this biography of Earp, it won't seem like three hours. I have ADD and I can still sit through it. This movie and Nixon are the only three hour movies that I can sit through.
UNABLE TO WATCH: I BOUGHT IT FOR MY BLUE RAY UPDATED THE SOFTWARE AS THE INSERT SUGGESTED AND IT STILL IS NOT RECOGNIZING THE DISC...IT SUCKED...BECAUSE IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY GIRLFRIEND...=0(
Great Movie on the Life of a Great Frontier Lawman: Though I am not a big Costner fan I must aknowledge when he does some superior acting,and in this classic,based on the life of one of the greatest lawman of the West,Wyatt Earp, he does just that. Filled with a moving story featuring Wyatt's earliest days in Kansas City, through Dodge City, to Tombstone and beyond it's a long trip but never boring. I must admit that Kurt Russell's action filled "Tombstone" I find even more enjoyable to view: but as a gritty realistic view of the Earp brothers attempts at settling down, this is a must see. Excellent cast! Am instant Western classic.
It's so real! (Yeah right): In the commercial Sammy claims that his game is "...so real." I beg the differ, this game is o.k. but all the hype is cheap. The gameplay may be good but where it counts (graphics) this game falls short.
You'll be seven years old again...: if you grew up watching the Little Rascals, this cd will take you back to sitting in front of the tv ("Move back or you'll go blind!")when you were little. The Beau Hunks are absolutely astounding in their recreation of Leroy Shield's compositions. As it says in the liner notes, they achieve "note for note accuracy". If you don't have this cd, find it and buy it. You won't regret it.
Great Beats: I really enjoy this album, and if you are interested in this album, let me suggest Micronaut's 'Io', but buy this one too. Their music is a blend of phat techno beats with guitars and some simple digital editings. The music, in the first four songs, sounds very harsh and angry, but it's a nice style. The rest of the songs are equally great. Great background music for parties if anything else.
Great Puppy Photos: What can one say...Some of the best photos of puppies I have seen. And, I am not just saying that because I own "Ruby" the rat terrier. (Ruby is now Angel) Sharon must have the patience of a saint because I have been trying to get Angel's sister Carly who is 4 weeks old to hold still for a nice picture since she was born and it is no easy task. All the photos are beautiful and show the best of each pup. I was amazed by the weight differences between the breeds...how can a boxer be 1 lb at 4 weeks and a rat terrier 2 and 1/2 lbs? This is a great gift book for dog lovers!!! Oh yeah, I don't have any photos of Angel at 3 weeks, so it is great to have them "published"!!!
Freddie at his peak: The first album I ever purchased of Freddie Hubbard was Hubbard/ Turrentine live, on CTI. I was hooked, and have amassed over 30 records by this departed jazz legend. This album features top notch jazz masters like Bobby Hutcherson & Joe Henderson, both whom I have had the pleasure to see live at the Lighthouse in Hermosa beach back in the 1970's. I've seen Hubbard live at least 10 times, and talked to him at Dante's' Jazz club back around 1980 or so. He went through his ups and downs in his long career, but the one thing Freddie had was that growl and wail in his trumpet tone that no one has yet matched. This album shows off a peak time in his performance life, with straight ahead bop. Body and Soul, Sky Dive and the Intrepid Fox are CTI mainstays from his monster catalog of trumpet works, and Freddie and these great musicians blow the roof off.
Too dated and if you have a decent manual you don't need this book.: The first 8 chapters of this book are in your owners manual. Chapter 1 (what is a serger), Chapter 2 (which one to buy), Chapter 3 (thread and threading), Chapter 4 (cutting your pattern) chapter 5-8(curved seams,securing ends, sewing order and, tension balance) all already in my manual. Chapters 9-20 get a little more interesting but seems a little dated. There are tips on how to make a leotard, stirrup pants and leg warmers. First copyright is from 1985 not its not improved much in the third edition. I would have enjoyed some better pictures too. If you have a decent manual this really isn't the book for you. For me it was too dated and too basic.
TOO. MIUCH.: I always knew Miley Cyrus was cold-hearted, but this movie lets us know she contains no emotion. Or a heart. Or a soul.Miley plays "Ronnie", a teenage girl who goes to live with her father, and everything becomes nauseating along the way. Miley can't even act her way out of a paper bag more than she can sing, and don't get me started on "When I Look At You". That had to be Auto-tuned in order to manage her scattered vocals and long notes.The movie takes the romance from the Nicholas Sparks novel and pairs her up with Liam Hemsworth. Every girl who might have been head over heels with him might have lost their interest now thanks to this movie. The way she and Liam kiss each other caused me to lose my lunch.And then, spoiler alert, the father is dying. So is Greg Kinnear's career.
I didn't like this movie at all.: I have read the book and watched the movie... I don't like it... yet I liked the notebook, and I did like Miley Cyrus at the time she made this movie, so I wasn't a hater of her then... I just can't catch onto this movie... Actually... I kind of knew from the beginning I wouldn't like it. The only reason I went and saw it was because my friends kept ranting to me about watching it. Thankfully, I watched a library copy, so I didn't waste any money :) Smart move huh :) Anyways... I was only half into the book... Like I kind of liked the book, but it was hard to stick with, and then just went to see the movie and I hated the movie, and now can't stand the book :( Sorry Nicholas Sparks :( Movie production ruined your book for me, although was only half into it in the first place... I was really into a few other Nicholas Sparks movies/books though... "Nights of Rodadanthe" "The Notebook" "A Walk to Remember" I just don't think that this is one of the best...
worst movie ever: The Last Song is in a league of its own. It is by far and away the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. Miley Cirus is legitimately hard to look at with her veneers. Her face looks like she is smelling poop for the entire movie! I used to think she was a pretty good actress on "Hannah Montana" but now I literally dislike everything she has ever produced simply because of this movie. Please, please, please don't waste your time or your money on this movie.
One of the Best: There are musicals and then there's "On the Town." The music, the dancing, and the New York City backdrop make this movie a hit!Kelly's dancing, Sinatra's singing, and a New York story make this a magical movie indeed.
on the town digital glory: excellent reproduction of the film, with clear picture quality and crystal clear all mono sound. preserves the MGM classic'squality forever.
Cool-Can't wait for Version 2.0!: I loved how it went behind the scences of the music videos! I'm glad they showed clips of the b-side too
great book.: Great book for those wanting to learn Structural Equation Modeling (SEM). From a beginners point-of-view I've found it helpful in integrating regression with SEM models.
Insightful: Church Planting Movements is one of the most exciting books you could ever read. The insights gathered from movements around the world are great and highly useful. However, much of the real value comes from reading how God has moved in a variety of ways and settings to bring about great spiritual awakening and church planting movements.
Disappointed - no captions: I bought this for Dead. Holstein to watch an it does not have closed captions so I am very disappointed. It was a waste of money!
Piece of junk.: The tip broke off this over priced piece of junk. I now avoid anything with the Rocketfish name printed on it.
A much better film than given credit for: Clint Eastwood still at his iconic best and some great talents involved front and behind camera. Much closer to the classic first film than the diminishing returns of the rest of the series when Harry disappointingly changed from almost super hero to just another cop. Other fans may not agree but for this reviewer the first two movies are the cream of the crop!!
Of Course Harry Comes Out Unscathed-: Nothing like going up against a bunch of motorcycle cops gone wild and crazy, although the cop execution of the pimp at the start does bring with it a certain amount of satisfaction, even if the cop is nuts. Harry has the style, plenty of firepower, and takes no lip from his inferior superiors whilst dispensing natural justice at its finest, saving society, and looking out for all widows and orphans (of course).
Simply do not cancel sound at all.: I've owned various noise cancelling headphones, from expensive Bose Quiet Comfort to cheaper models. I've had $60 noise-cancelling headphones do a great job at cancelling noise. I know how noise-cancelling feels, I know what to expect.I bought these on my way to the airport as I had forgotten mine... I wasn't risking much for the price. They are comfortable, I like that they nicely feet around the ear. The sound quality is decent. The noise cancellation absent.In fact, activating noise cancellation will actually INCREASE noise by adding a white noise. In the airplane, I tried switching it on and off... all I could perceive was a shift in the frequency of the woosh, but the volume of the noise was lower when noise cancellation was turned off.I don't know by which stretch of the imagination these can be called noise-cancelling headphones. If you don't care about noise-cancellation, you can buy a higher quality regular model, if you do, by all means stay away.
better than their new crap: I bought this album 5 years ago when it was first released. Until then, this was the heaviest music I had ever heard. Those were the days when I was listening to old Chimaira and old Dry Kill Logic and many other bands that started to die down after selling out. But anyways, this album is as brutal as it could have gotten coming from metalcore band in 2001. These guys paved the way for all of the so-called "metalcore" bands of today. Being around since 1997, metalcore was not even heard of yet, and they hit the ball right on the head. Brutal, listen to it at full volume and buy it already.
Gears strip on many systems: My unit didn't hold up well at all. Makes a horrible grinding sound. Did some checking and learned this is a "very common problem with this model" and it's an issue they don't suggest you self-repair. I read that as a design flaw. The main drive gear that powers the fuser strips out. Can't get to it easily. Nice features but the copier gave out quickly.
Incompatible with Windows Vista: I loved this printer, until I upgraded to Windows Vista 64 bit. Silly me. Sharp will NOT provide a driver for this equipment. That it is still being sold is outrageous. Of course I had just purchased an $80 toner cartridge for this monstrosity, and now all I can do with it is photocopy: no printing or scanning. STAY AWAY. There are plenty of other products that will allow you to actually USE them.
Wasting your time and money: Like wasting your time and money? Be sure to include this in your shopping list. It's a must have.
Buy Something Else: This is the second Sharp mutli-function unit I have had. They are junk! The USB 2.0 stopped working fairly soon. After about a year is started jamming all the time. Sharp support said it was beyond the warrenty and it was my tuff luck. I had simialr problems with my first Sharp machine, an earilier model. This lasted about 18 months, about 10,000 cycles. Sharp support is awful. Buy a Brother or a H-P.
I Love Book of Love!: Book of Love is such a great band. An ex-boyfriend introduced me to them back in the early 90's. "I Touch Roses" still holds dear to my heart after all these years. I was happy to hear "Boy" in a Queer As Folk episode. It's too bad they didn't get the recognition they deserved. I don't care though I love them. I'll always support their music.~
No "Three Kings?": Very disappointed they left off the near-impossible-to-find "Three Kings" Christmas song they did way back. Also, the remix of Sunny Day is atrocious. And Chatterbox is a waste of time after the first listen. And nearly unpardonable that they split Tubular Bells from PB/PG. Still, great to have anything new from them, and the guitar version of Hunny Hunny alone is worth the bucks.
Book of Love for sale: After a eight year hiatus, Book of Love is back. This "Best of" collection brings together several of their earlier hits ("Boy"), some of their later obscure hits ("Counting the Rosaries", two new tracks ("Try and Getting Faster"), and a early rarity called "It's In Your Eyes". Well known as the group that opened for Depeche Mode in the eighties, Book of Love started out with bang with their first album but failed to gather momentum into the nineties as grunge basically eradicated the synth driven alternative music Book of Love is associated with. Early hits such as "I Touch Roses" and "Pretty Boys and Pretty Girls" are indictive of what I loved about Book of Love, swirling synths, deadpan vocals, and catchy choruses. Later songs such as "Hunny Hunny" and "Alice Everyday" make me cringe with trite lyrics and what basically amounts to a Brady Bunch style musical production. In the end however, Book of Love always manage to redeem themselves with Ted Ottaviano's musicianship.
Great film: While still an "early Bergman," this film is in drastic contrast with his previous work and is a definite indication of an emerging great talent. It has most elements of a great Bergman's movie - realism, symbolism, good cinematography (the famous scene with clown Frost and his wife; also the entire "love" scene of Anne and Frans has been filmed excellently). Although it's not a fully mature Bergman's circa the early 60's, the picture is pure brilliance. A must see for anyone who loves Bergman.
Too Few Harold Lloyd films!!!!!!: Nobody should deny us the privilage of these classic Harold Lloyd Comedies:-Safety Last -The Freshman -The Kid Brother -SpeedyAnd much more, PLEASE release them in respectable editions, and if at all possible, CRITERION please take note!
The Little Engline that Could--Original edition--hardcover: After reading the "original" "retold by Watty Piper" edition, I see that the little red and blue engines were both "she"'s and not "he"'s after all. I apologize for providing inaccurate information in my earlier review. I give the Watty Piper version only 4 stars because Piper's prose is verbose. Whoever rewrote the story for the Cristina Ong version should be commended for having a very good ear for English prose--Watty Piper did not--and should consider issuing a full-length version of the story with more of Cristina Ong's illustrations.
Misleading! Buy Season One instead!: I bought this because I thought it was separate from Season One, but it's just the first episode of season one, set off as a separate DVD, and pretty expensive too. I love Stargate, but this is just a cheap effort to make extra money. You can't even compare it to the "Children of the Gods" episode that was recently released for SG-1. At least that episode had been re-edited and even re-shot in some places, to justify the separate release.
The spark of idependence: Filled with the independent spark that made us all love life at one point or another. A fun, introspective and nonsensical movie that sticks with you.
The perfect diaper bag: This bag is perfect. It is organized intelligently-lots of pockets and room inside. The changing pad has a pocket on the back that it slides down into so it doesn't take up room in the bag. The stroller clips are awesome--it works on my Quattro and my P3. The mommy pocket with key chain clip is nice to keep your wallet and other "mommy" items, and the inside bottle pockets keep extra bottles and are great to keep Tylenol right side up. The outside pockets are nice and big for toys and sippy cups. I thought my previous bag was great until I got this one. It is worth the cost!
Ugly Colors!!: This bag is a very gross color of brown. The pink and the brown do not even go with each other. The bag also has a black strap making this a very un-coordinated product. Returned it for something else.
GMWA: This CD is nothing short of a blessing. The choir is annointed, and the words of the songs minister straight to your spirit. I think my favorite is "right here right now", followed closely by "He's just testing my faith" and "Use Me".
Terrible: I agree with the previous review. This is the most terrible movie I believe I have ever watched. The acting was horrible, Bigfoot was an absolute joke along with every other aspect of this movie. DO NOT buy this movie!!!
Works perfectly: I compared the customer reviews of this item and items that looked the same, but the reviews were very different. This item did not have the balance/structural problems that other shoe racks of this nature have.I have used this product daily for a few weeks. It holds all my shoes and works perfectly. I highly recommend this item if you are looking for a rotating, multi-tier shoe rack.
very happy: I'm really happy with this shoe rack. I'd like it to be a little bit taller, but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well in my closet. I'd definitely recommend it.
Rusty platform: This product is versatile and what I expected- However it did arrive from the vendor with a rusted out base. Rather than hassle with the vendor and pay to ship it back for an exchange...we spray painted it to cover the rust. I figured it would be hiding in the closet and didn't need to look pretty- only not seep rust onto the carpet.
Don't bother with this product: This shoe rack has good intentions, but doesn't live up to the expectations. When it arrived, I put it together, per instructions, noting not to tighten the plastic holders too tight of they would break, needless to say, they broke and had to call the company to order new ones. They arrived 3 weeks later (free of charge). The replacements were gently placed on the shoe rack, but I'm just waiting for them to pop off. So far, so good. If I had it to do over, I would choose something else.
battery killer, poor pics: If you like purchasing batteries then this is the camera for you. You cant even download all your pics onto the computer before the batteries die. The camera does not even come with a wall plug in so you have to spend more $$. I have had this camera since Christmas and I dont like using it because of the battery issues. Save your $$ on this product. The pics dont even look good the quality is worse then my old 2 Mega pixel camera
DO NOT BUY!!!!: Had this camera for just under a year, and encountered similar problems to other users.Now, I'm no photogropher so while others comlained about its poor photo quality, with valid reason, that didn't bother me as badly since it was my first digital camera.However, the1)loss of a 100+ photos,2)corruption of mem. cards,3)sudden loss of power with difficult reboots4)horrible and gahstly battery life, and5)the now total loss of power with no reboots,Makes this a just an awful buy and total waste of money. Even for a first time simple user like me. This camera should be max $50.Bottom line, PLEASE-DO NOT BUY!!!
Gel Pens: The idea is great for these having the variety of colors, however, after several uses they start to leak and become very messy. Not a fan.
Oroville Ca Images of America: The Images of America Oroville, CA was a wonderful collection of photos of Oroville from its inception to the early 1900s. The author demonstrated his passion for history and the town of Oroville. While I do not know him personally, I have read other historical accounts by James Lenhoff and he has a wonderful passion for the history of the greater Oroville community. As a person born and raised in Oroville, a new fact for me was that President Hoover played a part in the history of the area. I highly recommend for persons interested in the area's history or history of the California Gold Rush. Many villages, towns and cities have a Images of America book about their town which gives a wealth of historical information.
unhhhhhh: Half baked, lazy, tired, 'phoning it in'. No new ground here. Obviousely out of ideas. Time to look elsewhere for inspiration.
Her thinnest veil yet.: Listeng to this album, you realize what a charade it all is. For someone so good at reaping havoc at her best (Dry; To Bring You My Love; Stories from the City, Stories frm the Sea), and at least being intriguing at her most murky (Is This Desire?), PJ Harvey (the band, but specifically Polly)sure does exhaust its vocabulary on this record. Despite a handful of really nice tracks (The Letter; Pocket Knife; Shame), the album really comes off as something streched and contrived at times, which is not a criticism I would have ever expected to be able to give her. Stories from the City... was slick and lyrically easy in some places, but the whole of the record was remarkably strong. This one actually feel like LESS than the sum of its parts to me though. I just don't buy into it like I usually do her music. And could someone please explain Cat on the Wall? Why, PJ?
Uh Huh! This is good!: From "The Life and Death of Mr. Badmouth" to "Darker Days of You and Me", this is PJ Harvey's most outstanding work. This work reminds me of Janis Joplin and Patti Smith mixed. The best song on the album is "The Letter", a unusually dancable song filled with strange sexual innuendo and the catchiest hook I've heard for a long time. If you like Joplin, Smith, Bjork, or other slightly offbeat music, definately check this out. Definately worth a try.
what is it with this singer?: she has such a credible rep, yet i know this isn't the blues. her songwriting is repetitive, overwrought, and follows the same chord progressions as all of her supposedly less talented peers. better than stories but disappointing overall. i can't get over how big a deal critics are making over the fact that she plays all the instruments on this album herself, when there is absolutely no guitar or bass work whatsoever. embarrassing.
No No No ,pretty much about everything in this book: I have a pretty good idea of what "Spine Tingling" means and it is most definately not "Faces in the Window".It was hard to even keep interested while reading.Come on now, time to tell the truth so here goes... Do not buy this book not even if it is on sale !!! I'm a person with a pretty vivid imagination and though I looked pretty hard at the cover picture and I guess one could see a nose kind of, sort of. Even in the pictures of scenery it was hard to see anything resembling anything except what I was looking at.. Well, this is my first review and sorry it is a negative one but really , is this person promoting himself or what?
Boo!!!: The reason I rate this book so low is because it started off okay, but then it became boring because the lead character is a wimpy idiot cop and the story started to just drag on and on. I don't know if the author became bored while writing and just decided to ramble on and on.The ending? Terrible and extremely disappointing.Thankfully I got the book at the library and didn't waste money on it.
"support for S & M/torture--Bush would love it": I like mysteries, etc. even those with some violence, but I found this highly disturbing: considering the issues of the day, itexploits torture, sexualizes it (oh so subtley) and leaves for theun-doubtedly unending sequels the "punishment" of the villain. Icannot help but feel total DISGUST for the writer who has somereal skill and accomplishments (does NOT need to do this). He does NOT help society look at the pros and cons of torture (?46%of us think "some" torture is OK!!!????) but encourages us to getsome kind of vicarious feeling from the long drawn-out descriptions--feels really "sicko" to me. As a volunteer in a library who does not believe in "censorship," this is the oneexception I have run across. (We had choices of audio-tapes & Isimply could not recommend this one). With ratings of "5" I fearfor our future (along with everything else currently going on).
Outstanding and informative for even a beginning horseperson: Like most of the other books published by the United States Pony Club, this one is tops. It not only explains how to bandage your horse but shows you with clear illustrations as well. I am a member of the U.S. Pony Club and found this book useful in studying for ratings. It taught me so well that I scored higher than average. This book is the best book on the topic ever written!
Cyberspace and the Media: Another interesting view on cyberspace, this takes on the media's impact on this evolving medium. Worth borrowing for most. If you are a public affairs type you might want to even buy it.
Did Not Work on Shower Door: The Brushtech Sliding Window & Shower Door Track Cleanerdid not work on my shower doors. I really needed toclean the area and was hoping the brush would help inthe hard to clean areas on the door track. Maybe itworks on sliding windows??
bubbles: I have purchased bubbles like this in the past and they were wonderful. I recommend purchasing them from the store if you can find them. I think these had been sitting around too long and they didn't work. They were a sticky mess and not one bubble was catchable. I spent a lot of money on one tube because I couldn't find them in the store and I ended up throwing it away. I would not recommend.
Get a proofreader, please!!: Whether Truax's experiences are relayed accurately or not is almost beyond the point. Who can get that far, when you have to wade through such truly bad writing? I've never seen such a collection of malapropisms and mispellings, not to mention the shoddy printing that keeps stopping mid-line and neglecting to denote where paragraphs should start and end. Though it makes a fun parlor game for locals (guess which character represents which local officer?), this book is a classic example of everyting that's wrong with vanity presses. If a regular publisher won't touch it, there's probably a reason. And I won't even start on the poetry...
This CD is pure fluff: Aside from the Raekwon, Ghostface collaboration, this CD is a surefire enema waiting to happen. Just don't slip this one on the hi-fi when you're entertaining one evening. You'll be kicked off the social register for sure.And what is the deal with DJ Clue's constant yappering in between cuts? I thought DJ's were supposed to be quiet and PLAY RECORDS, not yell out shots to his granny, his momma, his momma's uncle, cousin PeeWee, Crazy Lester, Lester's baby's momma, and so on and so on. Save it for the liner notes, Mr. Clue.
DJ CLUE (BOO): DJ.CLUE has no clue of what is is doing. First off he is wack, no doubt about it, this is true. Second I think he could learn a thing or two from Tony Touch. He is real. I don't understand want the music world is going though right now but someone needs to get it together quick,fast and in a hurry because people can't keep listing to mess like this. If DJ Clue was in Iraq and he put out this kind of c.d he would have his hands cut off. To be honest he needs them to be cut off right now. Yes DJ Clue has made it into my wack list along with others.
In Goya's greatest scenes we seem to see...: ...so begins beat poetry's most enduring classic (37 printings and counting!), an encyclical off-the-cuff fusion of hyperpersonal and universal, timeless themes: art, ethics, lust, and beauty. More in-line with the literary tradition of the English language, Lawrence Ferlinghetti thankfully lacks Ginsberg's heavy-handedness and Kerouac's understated moodiness -- there is something buoyant even in Ferlinghetti's most wrenching laments; we always seem to learn something from him (and if we don't, he's willing to laugh it all away with us). Ferlinghetti's knowledge of art and history (and his ability to tie them into his themes), as well as an unusual matter-of-fact (often in medias res) presentation lends an aura of significance to what could otherwise be random musings. Lawrence is the master...if you don't have this book, it's worth the seven bucks (and its weight in gold).--Justin Laird Weaver <uweavj02@umail.ucsb.edu>
Worst Book Ever: This is a review of the paperback version.The book presented in the LOOK INSIDE! preview of the book, IS NOT THE SAME EDITION AS THE ONE YOU WILL GET IF YOU BUY THIS TRASH.There are no pictures. Instead of a picture, you get a line of text that says "Image of flower", or "Image not available".There is no formatting to the text, not so much as an indentation.It's criminal.If Amazon knew how bad this version of her great work actually is, they would never be selling it.This is the worst piece of trash I ever bought on Amazon. Avoid at all costs.
A difficult read.: While the premise of the book is true, I found Lewis' writing style difficult to follow. I cannot recommend it to the average reader. Perhaps it would make a good supplement to a university level philosophy course.
P.T. Barnum was right...: In this tome, Lewis argues for "objective" morality and, oddly enough, that other cultures have always embraced western mores.This is the sort of thing to be expected, the bitter musings of an Englishman who used to be a subject of an empire, but now is a colony of an even greater empire (the Untied Snakes).Objective moral standards cannot be shown to exist apart from the political structure in which these standards are espoused.Finally, Lewis's use of the term "Tao" is absurd. In its most well known use, the Tao Te Ching (I could cite others but this will do) Lao Tzu wrote, about 2 millenia ago:"The Way that can be experienced is not true; The world that can be constructed is not real. The Way manifests all that happens and may happen; The world represents all that exists and may exist"Lewis wants to fool folks into thinking they're thinking thoughts with "gravitas" but, folks, watch out for that man behind the curtain!
Legal Writing in Plain English: A Text With Exercises: Garner's book helps to answer the many lawyer questions you get asked when trying to write legal documents or multiple-user documents in Plain Talk. Garner's approach reinforces Plain Talk and shows ways around the mountains of "What if?" and "How can we say it without risk?" issues. Because of its publication date, it lacks the most recent changes in punctuation as found in The Gregg Reference Manual. Also, some courts want things written according to their own "Red/Green" book standards. Even with these detractors, the book provides excellent advice, examples, and exercises.
STOP RIGHT HERE!: Take it from me (the Praga encyclopedia), buy the US version, there's more tracks. That being said, you could always help out someone who is contributing so much to the world of music and give him some extra cash. Just had to let ya know the US version has more tracks.
Clutch: So I finally bought this cd, and i have to say, the first few times i listened to it i was a bit disappointed. I realize now however that some disappointment is an inevitable outcome of listening to a new clutch album in the context of their other stuff, for every clutch album is unique unto itself. It took some getting used to, but i now appreciate this album for its own worth, and it is actually quite good. and in the context of 99% of what passes as "music" these days, its excellent. red horse rainbow is quite the catchy tune, and have a look at the lyrics for that, where in all holy hell do they come up with their lyrics..ahh i digress.. I do have to conclude by saying however, their self titled is and always will be without question their best work, and anyone who tells you otherwise doesnt know what theyre talking about.
The Importance of Being Earnest: This is an incredibly amusing story of Wilde's, describing some upper middle class relationships and lifestyles. He relates some peculiarities, social controversies and funny personality traits using his smooth sense of irony and intelligent humor. Quite enjoyable, dynamic and thought-provoking in any shape or form indeed, i.e. in a movie, play, book or kindle.
Enjoyed this: Funny, but not the best story for the novice reader. Recommended for those who enjoy irony and laughing at human nature.
contains too much hype!: contained too many unrealistic income expectations for person to attain. Also, no such thing as an independent contractor status instead of "employee" status according to Internal Revenue Service definition for pet sitters, could result in fines and penalities to owner! Where's the true facts instead of selling her products!
By far the very best!: This thesaurus clearly outstanding...um...exceptional..striking..impressive...remarkable.... compared to any other I have used. My writing would be so dull...er...dry, boresome, wearisome, monotonous, bland........without it.
Poor Binding: I was unaware of how poor the binding is until it was delivered.Regardless of how careful one is in handling, the binding will not last long.I now see that there is a hard copy edition available.I have returned the paper copy and may order the hard copy/
Writing reference: The Synonym Finder is an excellent resource and should be on every writer's desk. This book was recommended to me and I am so pleased!
THE BEST, THE ONLY - no brag, just fact. Owned since 1986!: The fifth ace for your junior high/high school/college/ student - will help them write better papers faster as they get smarter - because vocabulary is the develop-able skill that elevates the GREAT STUDENTS from the Near Great. And you can't buy IQ or creativity in a book. You learn a lot just browsing it - it's fun to look up the words in a pre-1961 dictionary (when they started dumbing down) - what IS the difference betweeh true/real/honest/factual... or smart/brilliant/intelligent... or funny/witty/comical/jocular/hilarious...you won't need anything else except a pre-1961 dictionary to go along with this on your reference shelf! I find the paperback pages heftier and sturdier than the hardcover and more able to withstand the frequent use this will get. That's my only criticism - I wish Rodale would make a sturdier hardcover, never mind the bulk or cost - I'd pay a pretty penny for a sturdy hardcover, even leatherbound collectible.
University Hospital: These books are awesome. Just make sure you start with the first book and read them in line. It would be best is you ordered all three at one time so as soon as you finish one, you can start the next one! There are a lot of characters, and if you wait a while between reading each one, you may have to refer back to te previous books to find out who certain people are.
Too general: Some helpful basic information, but overall, too general. No specifics on temperatures, humidity, what to feed at what age/size, what size/age to start breeding, etc.
"NOT VERY INFORMATIVE ": THIS BOOK DOES NOT EXPLAIN IN DETAIL ABOUT THE BALL PYTHON, I HAVE LEARNED MORE FROM THE INTERNET THAN I HAVE FROM THIS BOOK. IT DID NOT ANSWER ANY OF THE SPECIFIC QUESTIONS THAT I HAD AND I ENDED UP PURCHASING ANOTHER. ALTHOUGH IT WAS SLIGHTLY INFORMATIVE, NOT ENOUGH WAS SPECIFIED
Starrett 734: It would be nice if I would have actually received a Starrett 734 mic as the description states. Instead I received a Starrett 3734 which is a cheaper copy of what I was supposed to get. I am very unhappy with the product I received.
Great!: I ordered from books-go-round and it was delivered within the week that I ordered it! It is also in GREAT condition, better than I expected. Just a few highlights but they won't get in my way lol. THANKS!
Good Service!!!: Received it pretty quick, but it was SDSDQU-1024-E10M. There isn't any difference just it comes from Europe instead of the U.S. That was pretty odd but otherwise it works.
Great for minimizing wrinkles: I started using this product about 3 years ago, having heard about it from a UK magazine. When it was first released there, it was a huge hit becoming sold out really quickly all over. I was thrilled to find that Target started to stock Boots products, including this one, so I tried it. It makes a real difference when applied morning and evening before a regular moisturizer (I use the Boots No7 Protect & Perfect Day Cream). My skin is sensitive to many different creams and make up, but I have had no problems with this product. I would highly recommend this for those heading into their 40s and 50s, who would just like to go a little longer without wrinkles and lines.
NOT for metalheads: Not necessarily a review, but a request that Amazon.com somehow splits up the two absolutely dissimilar artists named HIM. This 'H.I.M.' (or HiM) is the brainchild of Doug Scharin, Chicago jazz/post-rock impresario. The other 'Him' is (I guess) some sort of Scandinavian goth-metal. I haven't heard the goth 'Him' so I can not attest to their musical ability, but I doubt they are anywhere near as intense as Doug Scharin's earlier group 'June of 44' (& if you doubt, get a copy of 'Sharks & Sailors'). Either way, a list of the jazz/post-rock 'H.I.M.' recordings available on Amazon may be in order:"Egg""Sworn Eyes""Our Point of Departure""New Features""Many In High Places Are Not Well""Lila" EPThere are also a series of EPs on vinyl, and a split LP with the Dylan Group. Hopefully this will solve some confusion.
Never got it: Bad service, never even got my book. Paid $20 on it and they gave me $10 back and replied to my complaints with automated emails. Not helpful.
Don't waste your time with this one: While the subject matter is highly interesting, the presentation does not justify the waste of paper. This reads like a high school term paper with many grammer errors, punctuation errors, misquotes of references, references from unreliable sources, and quotes used out of context. The author shows a deep inner hatred of the United States and a deep hatred of Jews. It's too bad this subject couldn't have been addressed in a more objective writing.
Better atlases are available: Something of an outdated dinosaur. Pictures are consistently less clear than Netter's anatomy atlas. Look at it before you buy to make sure you find the pictures acceptable.
Freedom Rings True: I must say, I had never heard of Michael W. Smith until last week, when our high school band director said our halftime show would be music from his CD. So I went out and bought this CD, and I must say, he is one of the most talented musicians I've ever heard. "Freedom," and "Freedom Battle" are two of the songs were performing, and they are some of the most moving songs I've heard. Michael W. Smith is a wonderful composer, and for the being his first instrumental album- (and it wouldn't matter if this wasn't his first try- It's awesome!) I think he's outdone himself. He combines heart-pacing, fast rythmic songs with smooth, melancholic masterpieces. This CD is a must-buy, and not just for those who know who Michael W. Smith is.. I must say, I'm now a Michael W. Smith fan forever because of this outstanding CD.
Wonderful listening: I absolutely love this cd, it goes through a broad range of emotions and really shows the musicianship Michael W. Smith. I hope he records another instrumental album in the future!
Excellent Sequel to MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN: ON THE FAR SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN is the sequel to the Newbery Honor Book, MY SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN. Jean Craighead George waited 30 years before writing this sequel, mostly under the pressure of her beloved readers. The sequel is just as good, if not better, then the original. It continues the story of Sam Gribley's adventure when he ran away to live off of the land in the Catskill Mountains. This is the story of both Sam and his independent younger sister, Alice, who has joined him in her own treehouse nearby. The story is based on his life after his falcon Frightful has been confiscated by a conservation officer and his sister disappears. Sam leaves his home and a searches for his sister with the help of his friend Bando.George's children books are the best that I have read on survival and the outdoors. I have read them several times and have shared them with many of my students. Just reading them makes me want to escape on a camping trip to the mountains.
Find out what happens...: On The Far Side of The Mountain is a great book. The author is Jean Graighead George. My favorite character is Sam Gribly. One day his bird Frightful got taken away by a concentration officer. Sam was accused of harming an endangered species. Sam went to Delhi because he wanted to see if the guy who came was a real officer and he was. When he got back, Alice his sister was gone. So he went on a journey to find Alice. Read the book to see what happens.
Unique Christmas music: My son-in-law is a not a big fan of Christmas music, however he does love Jethro Tull as do I. We ordered this for him and he really really likes it. It is very good, with a good mix of music.
Seemed Anti-Christmas to me - more of winter solstice album: After listening to this it just didn't feel right - it was not a celebration of Christmas and all that this holiday represents from either the secular or religious aspects, it seemed more about other things of winter, not at all the kind of uplifting celebration of Christmas that I want in my Christmas Holiday Music Collection - I wouldn't even give this away -it hit the TRASH!
Wonderful story for Seth: Nora has given Seth a great story and it was nice to see how he had grown up and what he had made of himself from his tough start in the first three books. It was wonderful to revisit Cam, Anna and his other brothers and their families, to see what they had done beyond their "stories" was great. I have two kids (6 & 1 1/2) and still managed to finish this in two days, it moves fast, keeps you interested and doesn't let you down.
It Was A Good Story: I have read several of Nora Roberts' books and enjoyed most of them. This one was good, I wanted to finish reading it so Icould find out how it was going to end but, something was missing. I never was able to put my finger on what Iwanted to read that I was not reading. I got real confused when Stella started showing up in places other than Seth'sdreams. I thought I was reading the text incorrectly. Then, I was realized what the author had done with thecharacter.It's a good book but I don't think I will be reading it again. I'm glad I checked it out of our local library and did notpay money for it.
Favorites revisited: It was great to return to the great characters in this family that Nora Roberts has created. To see what time has visited them with, and what happens to the lost little boy in the original stories. Score another hit!
John Gray is brilliant once again!!!: Dr. Gray offers guidelines and advice that makes sense. The information is helpful and seems to validate my gut feeling on most of his suggestions.Just as with the Mars Venus advice for adults in relationships,dating, starting over, getting in touch with feelings, or learning how to get what you want, Children Are From Heaven simply stated makes sense!
boring boring boring: I started to read this book and it lost my interest quick! I read the first 38 pages and never picked it up again. My friends agreed that its very repetitive & boring.There is many excellent parenting books out there, don't waist your valuable time on this one.
Best Concept since the Thousand Year Reich: Manifestos of cultural superiority, a la Huntington's Clash of Civilizations and this wrong headed venture are recipes for excusing genocide. The end of the world described in this book has come and gone just like the end of every other imperial dream must ultimately crumble. The barbarians of China or India will ultimately supercede the dreamed of homogenous world order that never existed and never will.
Sabrent USB-DSC5 SATA Adapter: Who ever thought this kit up deserves a reward. It was very easy to hook up once I figured it out, (the directions left a little to be desired) but once hooked up and the process started it worked like a charm. What is nice about it is that you can make it work on any size drive. It has to be added to my list of one of the best things I ever bought.
I had better when i worked in IT: This isn't the best one I've owned but it's simple and it did the job. It ran an old 4700 RPM ATA laptop hard drive straight from USB.The first time I plugged in the USB then plugged in the HD... that was bad. Don't do that.1. Plug in the drive to the converter, make sure it's snug and on a flat surface where it won't get damaged.2. Plug in the USB, preferably to a USB plug on the back of the computer (if accessible) because they're just more stable.3. Wait a while for the drive to spin up (if applicable) and you're golden.It comes with a bunch of cables that can be useful for system builders ... or drives that need the juice (as it was intended). Good luck.
It worked!: Super great. Our Windows OS crashed and was completely un-bootable. Using this cable and power adapter I was able to plug in the hard drive externally to my Mac through the USB port and get all of our photos and files! Worked very well.
Easy to use and works: Hello, My old computer and laptop broke so I need to retrieve old files, so I bought this thing. It worked great, no problems. recommend. oh, and it's cheap in price.
Be careful using it !: Purchased this adapter so I could load information on a new SATA drive before installing in the laptop.NO instructions come with the adapter, but use SEEMS very straight forward... plugs only go in one way.Literally, SMOKE came out of the drive when I plugged it in (and an awful smell of something burning). Either the adapter is defective or I should have only used one of the cables...no way to know, but I'm pretty certain that the brand-new drive was good. Had to get a NEW drive, as this one was damaged by using the adapter.Not blaming anyone, just WARNING anyone trying this product to get DOCUMENTATION before using it...NO useful information comes with the unit.Find out WHICH plug to use, where power goes (which pin, etc)...Haven't heard of this kind of problem from others reading reviews, but I'm certain I couldn't have been the only one.Good luck !
Very Usefull: Great tool for accessing bare drives from any computer with a USB connection. I have tested this unit on IDE drives, SATA drives, 2.5" drives and CD drives. Was able to back up data from a 2.5" laptop drive and reformat it. Also was able to image a SATA drive from a dead desktop.Comes with every connector that I have needed so far and is fast enough for the uses that it is intended for.
Truly awful product.: I got 2-3 uses out of it. Intention when I bought this was simply to use for wiping drives. It worked fine on the first couple of drives (SATA). Now when I plug the USB cable in only the blue light appears. Depending on if I have an IDE or SATA drive attached, the white light for either of those blinks very briefly and the drive does not appear. I've tried this on 4 different computers running Windows 7, Windows XP and booting from a DOS CD. This is a really bad product.
very disappointed: Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5-/3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply it didn't work,so i trashed it,i'm done buying junk online.
Great value, works out of the box: I bought this adapter to recover the files from my girlfriend's dying laptop hard drive. I had used similar models in the past, but the Sabrent stood out with its additional power supply input for 2.5" models.Installation was easy enough: unpack and plug things in to the right places. 2.5" drives plug in directly. I plugged it in to my Linux machine and it worked out of the box; same with my Windows and Mac machines. Turns out it was a good thing I got the additional power input: the laptop drive I needed to recover required more power than was provided by just the USB adapter to run correctly.All in all, a solid product that works as advertised.
Very Dangerous Device: I bought this 3 in 1 cable yesterday and hooked it up to a SATA drive I was trying to remove data from and the adapter fried my drive instantly. This is a very dangerous product and i don't recommend it to anyone.
Worked for two days: I use one of these at work, different brand, on a regular basis. I wanted one for home use and order this one. Product worked as expected TWICE. The third time I plugged in the AC adapter it failed to light up that it was getting power. I swapped out the 3 prong AC cord and tried other wall sockets. Absolutely pathetic quality on the AC adapter.
Confusing story, bad acting, hammy accents... C- at best: Seriously boring flic... About 15 mins in, you cease to care about anything whatsoever... save your money and more importantly save your time and give this old clunker a wide berth...
Old Man: This book was written for an older version of SolidWorks than the one I have. It was not much help to me.
Great performances, with one quibble...: This movie starts great, with Ishmael hiking through New England to the sea. From here it keeps getting better. Every scene is intensely acted and crafted, and the performances are riveting. Alright, it takes several viewings to get Gregory Peck's Ahab, but in the end you realize how good it is. Yes, he looks like lincoln. No, he's not so much insane as very annoyed. Anyone mauled by a ten ton whale, and who lived, would be slightly nuts. But the treat here are the bit roles and cameos. The quaker shipowners are a delight,and the actor who appears on the dock, and delivers the prophecy of doom, is superb for all 5 lines. But for me, the whole point is the church scene. The eery hymn gives way to the entrance of Orson Welles' preacher. He hauls himself up into the ship-prow pulpit, and roars forth a sermon straight from God, in Gods own voice.Incrediable!!
DISAPPOINTING DVD: MGM Vintageclassic - NOT. Color is flat and detail is soft. Why would MGM even consider releasing such a "Classic" film in other than the widescreen format. The film, characters and actors are all 5 star but the DVD version is no better than a VHS rental. I give MGM 1 star for effort.
An all time fav: So glad I could get this original classic with Gregory Peck. And the price was great. It arrived on time too.
Excellent Film Adaptation Of A Complex Story: I think this film version of Herman Melville's classic novel was a remarkable achievement for all involved. The novel Moby Dick is incredibly complex and textured but somehow director John Huston captured the essence of the tale. There seems to be a lack of consensus among critics regarding Gregory Peck's performance. For me Peck has become the embodiment of Captain Ahab after watching this numerous times over the years.Orson Wells is in one scene but he is fabulous as Father Mapple delivering a sermon that is one of the great moments in movie history.The cinematography , supporting cast and even the mechanical whale are all very convincing to me despite the age of this movie. This is a true classic and should not be missed.
Office 2007 - big mistake: I excitedly upgraded to Office 2007....'07 Outlook is FAR slower - ties my reasonably powerful machine up in knots (110% of resources) for minutes at a time inexplicably; spell ck doesn't work consistently; HTML emails have lost functionality I used to use often with 2003 ver; Excel opens MUCH more slowly; no real gains in Excel fuctionality; various add-ins essential to my biz no longer work in Excel 2007; Access 2007 was billed as much easier to use - FALSE; Word has a couple of improvements but messes up spell ck with Outlook if you keep both Word 2003 & 2007 on yr machine; the highly touted "Ribbon" is mainly cosmetic; I believe 2007's indexing is at the heart of some of sluggisness which might be ok if it worked..but it retruns strange results....NET, NET, I am uninstalling Office 2007 and going back to 2003 with all its stupid faults....it's too bad no one at MSFT actually uses thier products to realize how defective they are.
Quite Good: I didn't think I'd like this album as much as I did when I bought it, but was pleasantly surprised by songs like Tour de Force, Like Tears In Rain, Afterhours, and especially Helicopter (my favorite on this album). Overall it is a very enjoyable album.
Buy this one!: This is a great collection of fresh new songs - definitely worth purchasing! The instrumentals are innovative, and the vocalist is amazing. One of the best cds I have heard in a long time.
Wife loves it!: Made a great Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it almost as much as the matching Charles Dickens book.
Pretty amazing stuff-circa 1970 as well (!): The title is misleading: this is actually a complete Boogaloo Joe Jones Album.Imagine you're standing at a party of the hippest musicians. Everyone is feeling great and the music ends. With everyone watching, the host walks up to you and asks you to put on the next CD the keep the party rolling.You walk past the waiting crowd to the stereo and scan the titles, looking for something to prove you know more than just Classic Rock anthems and Old School funk. What do you do?You put on the first track from this CD. Enough said.
A lot of information on St. Peter: I enjoyed this book. Most writers about St. Peter beat around the bush and do not talk about Peter the man. This book does. The language can slow your reading pace a bit, but that is what dictionaries are for.
review: I was sent a paperback instead of the hardcover version I ordered. However, they refunded my money because they did not have a hardcover version and let me keep the paperback at no charge so I guess that squares up everything.
New Nate Dog Fan: With a very limited exposure to Hip Hop/Rap, I watched in amazement on Live in LA as Shade Sheist, Nate Dog, Korupt, etc. performed "Where I Wanna Be", the melodic, smooth way in which these guys performed this song was Hypnotic. As a 40 plus female I was impressed that myself, an avid JAZZ (Fusion) Fan would be interested in this type of music. I will definitely look forward to more music from these guys...
Loved it but...: I bought this book while away on vacation knowing nothing of this author. I loved the book but was disappointed that the ending was so abrupt. An epilogue would have been appropriate. This will not keep me from reading Ms. Forster's other however.
Solid: Have only had for several weeks but it's working great. Holds up well. Good quality. Easy to follow instructions when assembling this product!
Spotty at best: I own this system and have owned VTECH phones in the past - this will be my last. Sometimes the phones connect; sometimes they don't - seems to be their choice. I also have an (older) Panasonic system in the house which works great all the time. CAVEAT EMPTOR - you get what you pay for here - poor quality and spotty connections. On the plus side: when they do connect, the sound and voice quality are excellent and when operating, the battery life does seem long.
No one is nice no one is truthful: I so disliked this book that I did not want to finish it.A marriage of convenience. She gets in the family way has a miscarrage and he sends her away. Enter evil P.A. who tell all sorts of lies to wife while trying to get in the husbands pants, in including walking out of his room which he is not sharing with his wife (her choice) in the middle of the night running into said wife. Her father is a pig, the man she marries is a pig(hot , But a pig) and she is such a wimp. YUCK.
Shot Pot: Purchased this for very long road trip.First time used, it heated a pot of water after about 20 minutes, and blew my accessories outlet (cigarette lighter) fuse.Had to take time to locate an automotive shop, and thankfully the young man there found and replaced the appropriate fuse.I didn't chance it the rest of the trip.Was gone too long to return it.Destination: Landfill.
Don't accidentally leave it on with no liquid!!!!: I accidentally left the mug plugged in less than a minute after pouring out the water and smelt burning and then unplugged it immediately. The next time I tried to use it, the water leaked out right away and discovered the interior bottom of the mug was all melted around the heating element. When it did work, it took forever to boil 8oz of water. Get what you pay for I guess: cheap price but cheaply made.
A wonderful book: This is one of the most beautiful books I have ever seen. It is full of large colour plates of exceptional quality, showing the most excellent pieces of ceramics from all over the world. Each plate is accompanied by explanatory text. In addition each chapter starts with a short but very good historical introduction. The chapters are: The Near East, Egypt and the Mediterranean -- Greek vases -- The kilns of ancient Rome -- Ceramics of the Islamic world -- European Majolica -- European porcelain -- North American ceramics -- Chinese ceramics -- Korean ceramics -- Japanese ceramics. I would recommend this book to everyone who wants to learn about the history and the wonders of ceramics. For the experts in this field this book should also be of interest, mainly for the beautiful colour plates. This is a wonderful and valuable book.
B/W and color episodes: Of the 104 total episodes in "The Adventures of Superman," the first 52 were filmed in black and white with the rest switching over to color (impressive foresight for a 1950s series with a relatively modest budget). Therefore, the first season (26 episodes)should be in black and white. Let's hope the "color" designation for this DVD set is a mistake or refers to some of the extra items. Though the series is a jewel of the television science fiction genre, the first couple of seasons of Superman were also characterized by gritty crime elements, replete with the urban landscapes similar to the popular film noir movies of the 1940s and 1950s. Such films -- depicting the darker elements of society's seedy side -- properly view better in the gray tones of black and white cinematography. Any attempt at colorization would spoil the presentation. I withhold a star simply on the basis of the product information refering to color. Otherwise, it is great to see this series coming to DVD.
Superman Season 1: This was the first time I was able to see episode 1 in its entirety. The initial opening of the show was a little confusing, but the rest became the program I grew up with. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
GARBAGE!!!: This is the album that started the demise of this once great band. Dork and Fly in the Ointment were the best these guys came out with. I've seen them too many times to count but after they toured for this release, wouldn't even pay $2.00 to see them again. The first song is about the only note worthy track. Changed so much that I can't stand to listen to them anymore. Anything up to this point is good but anything after is total garbage. I used to love this band, but no more.
DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM: I am a huge Wu fan and always will be,so i feel that it is my duty to warn others not to buy this album. First off, do not expect it to be the redemption of the Wu or anything like thier old classic i.e. Tical, Ironman, Cuban Linx, Liquid Sword. This was the hopeful expectation i was under when i eagerly snapped up Mef's album on the day it was released. For some reason that is beyond me, Method Man has decided to use to most inconsistent and badly produced hip hop i've heard in recent years(...) The RZA produces one track, the Turn, a lazy, half arsed effort featuring a tight Raekwon verse. Though saying all this i think its Mef's lack of hunger that really lets this album down. In his early days he sounded thirsty, spittin' his lyrics with a uniquness that is now lost.Mef grimmy, earthy sound complemented everything RZA used to produce for him. Just do yourself a favour if your looking for some good new hip hop buy Ghostface's latest album and just forget this ever exsited.
Not what I was expecting: After seeing the video with Busta, I thought "yeah, this is gonna do it." Meth is finally gonna bring it like we always knew he could. But for, real, the single is about the only song I'm really feeling on the CD. There a bunch of hot tracks though but, for me, the single is the only one where it all comes together nicely.
what the?: this album is nominated by me for the worst thing that ever happened this year for music. The lyrics seemed to be written by a four year old who is retarded. I've lost faith in Method man after this album
None: None the palace of pleasure volume l is not worth the time it takes to download it and then delete it.
Supergroup Jing Chi's '3D' is another triumph: The third release of the blues/jazz/fusion supergroup Jing Chi is an amazing mixture of the afore mentioned music.'3D' brings together again blues guitarist Robben Ford, bassist Jimmy Haslip of the Yellowjackets and Zappa drummer Vinnie Colaiuta. These three veteran musicians together is just a great musical combination.Just like Jing Chi's previous releases; their self-titled debut album and their live album, these guys are always putting out an outstanding and distinctive sound.You can tell that with each CD they release they sound better each time.This disc in my opinion, is their best to date.From the opening track 'Colonel Panic' to the final number 'Wires Tangled Up'this disc will blow you away.There's also a guest vocal by blues great Robert Cray on 'It's Nobody's Fault But Mine'.This disc has me looking forward for the next one. Check it out!
Best Ballad Singer of his times next to Tim Buckley and Tim Hardins: Bob Dylan: Eric Andersen is one of the best ballad singers I have listenedto. Now that is the truth and a true compliment. If you enjoy Dylan, you will like Andersen. He has the gift of reaching your mind and soul. If youdoubt me, listen to him first on You tube.
Couldn't get it to work: I have a Linksys wireless 4-port cable/DSL router which works well with a Cisco Aironet PC card. Unfortunately, the Orinoco card I bought would never talk properly with the Linksys. Neither the Orinoco (Agere/Proxima) tech support people nor the Linksys tech support people could get them to work together. This card may work well with other access points, but not with this Linksys unit.
Must be two books with the same title: The Amazon reviews for a book titled "Up Jumped the Devil" must surely be referring to another book with the same title. The one I read was a very weak effort by an author seeming to act out his own fantasies about life as a crime reporter. I only hope the author's career as a reporter produced more clear writing than he was able to produce in this uninteresting, predictable book.
Up Jumped The Devil: This wasn't something I would enjoy, my husband ordered it for me so he will read it. The story is not what I like.
not a good brush for feet: I was looking for a brush that I could use to clean my feet. I remember when I was young, I had a similar one like this one. However, I tryed to use this brush to do my feet, after applying water and soap, it began to turn red, so I had not use for it any more. I purchase two, so I will use the other one to try to clean something down in the house. If it don't fall apart.
one of the greatest albums I own: if you like Rudimentary or Crass, then you'll love this album. They're not as experimental as Crass, but I think they're just as incredible. The twisted black-and-white artwork is another reason to get this album.
Definitely cool: Death Church is a great album, definitely one of the best purchases I've made in awhile. While I wouldn't claim to be punk myself, nor an anarchist or a vegan, as these guys were, I can definitely appreciate the fury with which Nick Blinko delivers his messages. This is pure rock, snotty, snarling and heavy. As with most punk albums, the tracks are pretty quick and center around the vocals and a fierce sounding guitar, but what stands out for me are Blinko's morbid, death obsessed lyrics and the little unexpected oddball moments ("...when you are a martian church, awwwwwww...") where Blinko's personality shine through. The themes are rather socio-political, but the music rocks too much to really care. Plus, as always, I dig the horrific imagery and dirge-like qualities of the songs... it's pretty apparent why the band were considered both 'crust' and 'deathrock.' It's highly enertaining noise and everyone should give it a try.
Long and awful...: I agree with other reviewers. Neither of the two main characters was likeable at all. They spent the whole book arguing posintlessly about leaving each other. The book could have ended 200 pages sooner and it would have been alright with me. Terrible.
This one is not worth reading.: I bought this book second-hand, thank goodness. I have read a few chapters and will not continue. This is simply trash. The characters are not worth the time. As another reviewer said, this time period is interesting, but this book is not. It does not ring true and the people are boring.
A magic book made me feel like microwave do: I got this biik from my teacher in ISU and have kept it dusted for nearly 2 years. One day when I found it by chance I was so surprising that many good words inside and secure my confusions.It's not only a book, it make me feel like a travelling microwave and feel what microwave do.
My new favorite CD... only one bad thing: Okay, this album kicks major .... It is great from track 1 to track 12. Now, as my title thing says, only one bad thing. They are no longer a band as of early December. :(
The most addictive game ever: If you like trains, there is no way you shouldn't buy this game.BEWARE: This game is known to cause sleepless nights...
small like the Tardis: My first Livermore related book,,,like the Tardis this little book is packed with good info on Jesse Livermore and his methods,i was under the impression he was a "range breakout" only Darvas style man but not so,he also hints at price and time and swing mechanics too,,(not all black n white).this interested me enough to order some other books Livermore related,imho i enjoyed this book and enjoyed highlighting key areas with my pen.regardsRags
Intel Mac users, beware - 6.1 doesn't support diaster recovery boot CD: The latest version of Retrospect Mac is 6.1.126, which was released in October 2005. Yikes, that's a long time. Old enough so that the Bootable CD disaster recovery method is not supported on any of the Intel Macs, which makes the product worthless for my needs. The only supported method of disaster recovery is to rebuild with OS X first, reinstall Retrospect and go from there.I don't know what EMC's been doing in the past 1.5 years, but they've clearly dropped the ball in the growing Mac market.
boring, condescending and just plain irritating!!: OH - I get it...slacker is tongue-in-cheek for "Oh Muffy, you're doing a GREAT job" UGH -- give me a break. I don't really know any moms who read parenting books. I guess the world is full of them and they are all judging me. hm - I say "Who cares?"...We all do the best we can. This borrowed (thank goodness) book infuriated me and I didn't crack a smile once. More of a biography of her family and home life. She didn't really talk about parenting all that much - just herself. I recommend Erma Bombeck (like others have said) or David Sedaris for a REAL humorous look at life.
Validating???Hardly...Try smug and judgemental!: I picked this book up recently thinking that it would be a humorous look at parenting. It promised to "validate" me as a parent. Well, the author was condescending, judgemental, and not funny. I felt angry the whole way through the book because I am the parent who spoils her children a little too much, tries to protect her children from physical harm, and has,in many ways, made her children the center of her world. I am educated (doctorate in educational/school psychology) and I have a wonderful husband who is a great father. I love my life and I have 2 great kids in spite of the fact that I am the parent who is insulted the entire way through this book. Apparently "slacker" now means "everything I do is going to create children who are much better adjusted and functional in the world than your children." Funny that this book refers to "horses" all the way through because I really think that the author needs to get off her high one.
Her secret for being a slacker mom: a nanny: This woman didn't waste that much time hearing or seeing her kids at home, nor even her money. She had a NANNY. The nanny is her real secret, the one who will allows this mother to be a slacker one. Imaging being her kids's nanny, the parents don't waste any cent buying toys, no disposable diapers, save all the money and just pays the nanny to entertain the poor fellas, wash the cloth diapers, hears their crys,etc. This woman is the exact copy of Mrs. X (the nanny diaries), dispensing parenting tips. She never mentioned that her ranch mother had no nanny at all but she needs one. With the kids taken care of (by a surrogate mother), she can be free to earn her money giving ideas to parents on something that she is not doing.
Trite and Sanctimonius: Mead-Ferro obviously felt a need to justify her decision to continue to pursue her career after having children. A fine decision. It is unfortunate however that she had to do at expense of all other parents. She belittles, mocks and denigrates all other parenting models other that one she grew up in (which was harsh even by relative times) and the one she and her family are living now. The humor grows flat half way through chapter two and never regains an upbeat tenor. My time is precious, I do things with my kids, and it was a waste of an afternoon
Don't buy.: WARNING WARNING DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! Buying this is an outragous waste of money. Just buy one that saves more on in so that you don't have to buy it over and over and over. This saves maybe one small game but, no more.
A great story&#65533;: Call me sentimental but I really liked this story. Spock and McCoy work together to protect and facilitate the ascension of a young woman to the throne of her war torn world. Part adventure story, part coming of age story, and not a bad commentary on the subject of leadership, this story held my attention throughout and may even warrant additional readings. Even staunch fans of the venerable Captain James T. Kirk will be pleased to see that the team of Spock and McCoy are themselves capable of not only saving the day - but also carrying a storyline through the majority of the novel. Recommended.
Book: The book I ordered came quickly, and it was not expensive. However, the book was very old and musty smelling. BUT I didn't mind as it was such a good price! So far, I have had very good results in purchasing books via Amazon.com.Thanks,Jackie
Great buy: Bought this for my hubby. It's everything he needs in a watch: nylon strap, water resistant, timer, date, alarm, etc. He's rough on his watches and this seems to be very durable.
If you value your data look else where: My company got several of these drives, and the biggest problem we have had with this is data being corrupted. You think files are on the drive and safe only to find out they are corrupt. I would avoid and go with Western Digital or Seagate USB solution.
Everlasting Love - Tragedy: Well, first of all I have to say this book is incredible. You start reading it and can not put it down till your done. The only little thing - which bothered me the most - was the loss at the end. They found this incredible love just to lose it. I'm not the easy crying kind, but this left you with so much raw emotions it was unbeliveble. It's like I said at the start - incredible.
THANK GOD FOR CUSTOMER REVIEWS!!!: I was about ready to happily order this new DVD--until I read themany negative reviews!!! So I went back to the photo of the case,enlarged it...&, sure enough!, all the copy was in Chinese (Japanese,Vietnamese, Madarian, yr guess good as mine). So, of course, I amNOT going to order this neat film--was getting it for my 11 yearold daughter's birthday (but I planned to enjoy it, again, too!).I cannot BELIEVE that Amazon would offer this item & not "FLAG" clearlyto us that it is offered in a foreign language (ie Not English), apparently not even subtitled (a musical subtitled? huh?) & that the thing would be pretty much useless to anyone who doesn't attend the nearest FarEastern Language School. Very upsetting. I think AMAZON is responsibleto explain this odd process/oversight to us & get their copywriters busycorrecting such false advertising...it really DOES verge on the old "bait& switch." Ugh & arrggh.
ignore the bad reviews, critics don't know how to have fun.: I haven't seen this movie in 15 years, since i was 11, but i still remember all the songs so clearly "we coulda been anything that we wanted to be, with all the talent we have..." *sigh*. Campy, nostalgic fun, with nothing but a sense of humor and heart. From here to "Pink Floyd the Wall" to "The commitments" to "Evita" Alan Parker always takes risks and his projects never disappoint. His love of music and creativity alway shines through. BUY BUY BUY and we should all start a campaign for video stores to rent this.
Excellent Price & Service!: I payed 32 bucks (including shipping) for this brand new, complete DVD series of the 11 year run of Married w/Children, and it was delivered the same week. Great deal! Highly recommended seller.
Classic 80's Tv Show!: Love the show. The package, not so much!luckily the discs were ok!Despite the package, this box set is a deal you shouldn't let pass!
a lot of bang for your buck: It's a great show and a long episode list.lots of entertainment value for a low price.it's been repackaged to be cheaper but also more inconvenient.in my opinion, it's well worth the low price tag for all 5962 minutes of this ballsy sitcom.maybe i just love it because i relate to al yet love seeing him miserable.i will recommend to others.
Warning ...A bit different then expected...: Everything is as described by the previous review. All the seasons are on two giant spindles protected by a cardboard on top of each spindle. Thought there would be a "better" version of episode list but there isn't. It is just a piece of paper glued on the box that you will have to peel off to actually see the list.Overall not bad for $40 bucks, but not super great either.
review is for packaging only!!!!!!!!: no list of episodes and discs are stacked on top of each other, its a bitch to search for specific episodes without a listing
Just a collection of previous releases: While a complete series collection is always a good thing, the most important thing to keep in mind is that it still has the flaws of the previous releases. The theme is still missing and replaced by generic music, the episodes are still cut and are syndicated versions, and price is a few dollars more than buying the seasons separately. That will probably fall over time.A good deal if you're a fan, but nothing has been fixed. All the discs are still the same from their original releases. No theme, cut episodes, et cetera.
Superb soul of the highest order: This is a truly fantastic soul album that is easily enjoyable by all and is a requirement for any eclectic music lover.The only minor gripes I have with this album that prevent me from giving it five stars are: the last song "By the Time I Get To Phoenix", which is an overly long and thoroughly self-indulgent spoken-word piece, and the mediocre mastering (since rectified by the Mobile Fidelity Koch SACD release, which is unfortunately not playable on normal CD players) quality.The first three songs are absolute masterpieces, well worth the price of admission.
Not as expected. Poor quality recording: The music was uneven and the volumn was going in and out as I listened to it. Really disappointing. Poor quality recording.
False claims: I purchased a cd from this seller that was advertised as new. However the cd came in an unsealed cd case and was obviously used. The insert was old and had stains on it and was slightly ripped. When I contacted the seller she denied that the cd was used. The only reason I kept it was because the cd was in good condition and I didn't want to go through the trouble of shipping it back. I won't order from this seller again.
it's never s easy as you think: I purcashed the new NIS 2005 to replace my older copies of sameit won't un-install what it needs to by itself, i was on a help chat for 4 hours, trying to re-configure my computer, constantly re-installing and un-installing. now i have complelty removed all my anti virus and security software. and have nothing but a mess. if the box says it works for windows 2000 it should work without having to find on-line patches and fixs that take up your day and make your computer crash
Polyphonic Chanting At Its Best: If you enjoy Tibetan monk chanting, then yo will thoroughly enjoy this collection. Incidentally, the term "polyphonic" was coined by John Huston, the famous spirituality and religious studies scholar. The term refers to chants constituted of multiple tones simultaneously emanating from a single chant.This CD is an excellent accompaniment to meditation or yoga.--Bill Todd-Mancillas: Long-time yoga practitioner and former yoga teacher.
I could do without the throat clearing.: This would have been great except I kept hearing someone in the foreground clearing their throat. Not the really bad phlegm sound but still it bugged me. Perhaps this explains the price, too good to be true.
the last of the mohicans: it is a very good book but the english that it is written in is different from the way we speak today. I enjoy the book and will recommend it to everyone looking for something that is good to read and to all children for their classes that require reading books.
NO, IM NOT A MOVIE ADDICT: Excuse me, but I have read Melville and Dickens(I adore Dickens)and I would please like to ask one reviewer(and if they're reading this they know who they are) what is so intellectual about The Last of the Mohicans? Did you see the word classic on the cover and decide that this must be intellectual and thought provoking? Come on! Its your standard no brainer adventure story! Im sure that if it was a modern book you wouldn't be so enthusiastic! I've saw modern melodramatic crap like this on the best sellers rack at Krogers. Tell me you read it for the senseless violence, or for the one dimensional characters, but please dont say you read it for intellectual reasons.
Interesting plot, that's about it: The Last of the Mohicans ranks on the lower tier of classics I have read. Cooper's style is tedious, and the captivating action scenes that are so abundant in the movie are few and far between in the novel. I will admit, I enjoy excerpts of Cooper's works, and the plot, if it wasn't so drawn out, would be engaging. You can spare yourself from 400 pages of monotony and excruciating discernment by just reading a couple of pages from the climactic scenes. Although I rarely do this, I can unhesitantly say that in this instance, the movie is far better than the book.
wow: I read this book and im 13 and i don't think i should have read beacuse the book was very graphic about killing ect. i would not recommend this book to anyone under 13. besides that the storyline was ok. I would only read this book on a rainy day.~*~shelby~*
Very Helpful: This book is well-written and has concise, easy-to-follow instructions. I would recommend it for anyone who wants to be prepared for administrating emergency care to their cat.
Not exactly a page-turner: I got this one for Christmas and read it on the plane ride home because it was only slightly more entertaining than the inflight magazine or the guy sitting next to me. Where to start? Two-dimensional characters, implausible plot (how hard is it really to destroy an armoured TRAIN?!!), outrageous coincidences, a hero I couldn't have cared less about, silly and misinformed integration of the Internet into the plot, the list goes on. Its unfortunate because I think the author was onto something good by writing about the dangers of another Stalin emerging from Russia's current crisis.
Run, don't walk....away from this turkey!: This game may have been mildly amusing if it hadn't been so incredibly boring. The lack of an option to save the game during a level instead of between levels only is a dead giveaway that this is nothing more than a lame console port.Sure, the weapons may be original and fun, but all you get to do is shoot turkeys, turkeys, and more turkeys. Oh, and a cow or two. That's it. No way to explore the wonderful world of South Park in this strictly linear waste of time. I would have liked to do the mulitiplayer, but I couldn't bring myself to try to get my friends to buy it-I want them to stay friends!After all the hype about understanding the difference between PC gamers and console gamers, Acclaim's release of this poorly-done port was almost criminal.
A Joyous Christmas Album!: This is one of the best gospel Christmas albums of all time. It is on my "must play" list for the holiday season.As mentioned in other reviews, this version of silent night is one of the best I have heard. Sound nothng like the original tune but is still superb. Other standouts are: The night that Christ was born, Go tell it on the mountain and the very touching "Love Song".But the best song on the album is hands down - Now Behold The Lamb. This song will give you goosebumps. It speaks of Jesus's sacrifice when he became the lamb of God to die for our sins. The vocals of Dalon Collins will blow your mind. He is truly gifted.This is a must have for anyone's Christmas collection.
Magnificent stories, poor printing: Faulkner's "Collected Stories" (paperback edition) are excellent works of literature. They have a lyrical quality and depict bold characters. This collection of stories is my favorite of my entire library.However, I originally purchased this book in April 2011, but found the printing rather smudged and many of the words were lighter than the rest of the text. I am ordering another copy of the paperback edition with hopes that the problem has been resolved. I'll report back.
Good Product: I am a therapist at a nursing home and bought this product so my residents can hear the timer go off and read the display. The timer is wonderful and is loud enough for the hard of hearing to hear. The display is also large enough so they can see it. We havent had a problem with them not working at all. It is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone.
Small Digital Timer: Simple operation, easy to read, count up, and count down - all the features you need from a small digital timer.
Way too quiet: I had bought an identical timer from Amazon a couple of years ago, so I thought I knew what I'd be getting. WRONG. The newest one is almost inaudible. I had to return it.P.S. The packaging said "Loud Alarm". Did they have a bad batch of timers?
Timer resets itself when I don't want it to!: There is no way to turn it off so in order to save the battery you will need to take it out after each usage and my timer keeps resetting back to 00:00, soooo frustrating! If I set it either to count-down or count-up it will go for a few minutes and then it just goes right back to the 00:00, it is not reliable.
Could not get the timer to work: The timer kept going up and down with both set of the numbers superimposed over each other, which was a muddled mess. I felt the directions were not to clear as a tool for instruction. I am returning the item.
Works well enough: I was used tomy old one but am getting used to this one now. It does the job and is easy to use, and easy on the eyes. Get one.
junk: loved it right out of the box, big CLEAR numbers, but the magnetic strip was not strong enough to hold on to fridge, therefore when closing fridge door, it fell and shattered to pieces. so much for that idea.
Works as advertised: This timer is easy to read and easy to hear. In a room of about 30 people, everyone could read the numerals and hear the alarm over a moderate conversation level. Lost 1 star because the magnet is weak, but the stand works great. I haven't dropped it (yet!) so can't speak to that issue; at this point I'd replace it if I broke it. After about 4 months it is still running off its first AAA battery with moderate use.
Kitchen Timer: Handy and easy to operate. Big readout so it can be read across the room. Magnetic back allows it to be placed on the refer door.Buy two or three of these, they are really great for all sorts of timing jobs!!!After using this for months, I wish I had ordered a second one.We fight over who uses this timer because the one on the stove is so hard to set. Handy for the grill, cause you can take it outside too.
Perfection -- what more can you ask for?: Ah, the Staple Singers. The soul group that brought me to soul. As an old punk rocker, old Bowie fan, and more, I just LOVE the Staple Singers. The musicianship is par excellence, and the singing is the sound of deep, moving musical moments. You cannont listen to this album and not be moved. Its just soooooo good. So good production, and the remastered version is absolutely fantastic. GET THIS ALBUM. Your life and soul will be greatly improved. I just wish there was more Staple Singers albums to listen to. They are all fantastic. Even live!!!!
Rather worse than it should be...: The Doctor has had it with Peri - her truculence and unwillingness to join in his unfocussed joi de vivre means that he decides to drop her off back on Earth. But on the way they run into a Kontron Tunnel, and so they investigate. One end is Earth, 1179 AD and the other on the planet Karfel, a planet with which the Doctor is familiar. But the situation on Karfel is rather more complicated than they might have expected...'Timelash' is, put simply, a bit of a mess. The Doctor and Peri don't actually become fully involved in the story until about half-way through, and the villain of the piece is pretty clichéd, including deciding to make Peri his mate. The political situation on Karfel could have been quite interesting, but sadly its carboard cut-out intrigue.The advantage of the novel over the TV serial is that you are spared both the dreadful sets and the even more dreadful overacting of Paul Darrow in the role of Tekker.Not one to seek out actively.
nice magazine: This magazine has great pictures really makes you want to go to the places. They review all price range places to travel and places you may have never thought of. Am happy with the magazine
absent: I have not yet received any!please advise as to when it mayarrive, please am looking forwardto sharing
I am ready to pack: I can't wait for travel magazines to come in the mail and I am really inspired by this magazine. It provides cultural awareness while sitting in my living room. I definitely want to visit places I read about. I can't wait until the next issue already.
The villains seemed way too nice.: Relatively well written book, but I had to put it down about half-way through. For one thing, the villains seemed way too nice (the author definitely portrayed them that way) and the heroes were somewhat too evil (criminal activity seemed rampant). I did enjoy the fact that the gun ownership of the poor people in McIntosh County was essential to their gaining increased rights. It was clear while reading that an unarmed poor populace has no political rights and no way to gain them.
fishy parts: Ball joint arrived with missing cap for grease fitting, didn't think anything of it, and now since its already installed I'm screwed, reason for no cap I have to assume it was a previous return. Grease fitting just barely threaded in because threads were screwed up, can't afford for shop to re-replace. u joint will probably snap it off (grease fitting) yea shady parts! Three of four are fine, purchased elsewhere.
Lowlifes on the low key: Plusses: interesting faces; quiet, caring interactions between characters; nice music when present; warm take on the Helsinki underbelly in summer.Minuses: predictable situation comedy, artificial plot with little symbolic saving grace, incompetently staged revenge scene, unsuccessful attempts at imitating David Lynch's style, persistent doubts that the film's losers could survive a Finnish winter.Give it a try, considering that others like it, but don't be surprised if you're disappointed.
Not my favorite, but the kids are wild for it...: It's now June, and the kids have watched this video twice this week. Even the baby is learning how to say, "Elmo ssss Cismis", so I have to say this video is still a hit in my house.I found the repetitive theme song a bit irritating, but then again, this video was never intended to please me. The younger kids really like it.The story itself is rather good -- Elmo wants every day to be Christmas, and so, with a bit of magic, he gets his wish. And then we get to see what it's like to have Christmas EVERY day.This would be a good "after Christmas" video, I think. Of course, you might not want to still be watching it in June...
British bands are better: Lead singer Danny McNamara has a voice that connects with a yearning place in your heart. Full of soaring, bittersweet mellodies matched with haunting Coldplayish guitar tones, "Out Of Nothing" shows great potential for Embraces next album and proves once again that British bands are better!
If your EARS could get AIDS..: Then this would be that one time you wish you'd used a condom.For all those Oakie fans who own or have listened to albums like Tranceport, A Voyage Into Trance, Travelling, or Another World, and you LIKE them, then DO NOT put yourself within a mile's radius of this bright orange evil called "Bunkka". This isn't even TRANCE. It's GARBAGE and I don't kno WHAT to call it but I wish I could give it -5 stars. After listening to this CD, I just can't look at Oakenfold the same way anymore. I would have been happier getting the new JoJo or Hillary Duff album. But then again, that's probably what you'll find in the CD collection of anyone in here giving this album a positive review.Avoid this pop sell-out session of suck like it was the plague.*shudders*
SuperOakie on Kryptonite?: Someone has taken over the controls of Oakenfold Central, and our Trance/Dance Superman, was slayed with a big slab of Kryptonite. Everyone's review talks about how this is a breakthrough album, or how the old skool vs new skool rap is meshed well. If you want old skool rap, why would you want to go pickup an OAKIE CD? Get real, this is an experimental CD that's bandaided together and just doesn't work. What bugs me the most? It's that Oakie headquarters have now truly been taken over by Lex Luthor! Someone, PLEASE get Lois Lane to rescue SuperOakie, or we're doomed for more of this junk!
Not the Oakenfold we knew and loved!: Very disappointing collection of downtempo, blah, and loungy material. In an effort to gain audience he will lose his core fan base in the process. There will be lots of used copies for sale soon.....
Clever premise, but falls flat...: I just got done watching this and have to say that I am left unimpressed and actually quite dissapointed. The dvd itself if ok, with some extras. But as for the film itself, I would not recommend it to anyone else. I was expecting something similar to Primer, at least in theory.The whole 'bandaged man' thing and the time travel aspect were the most frustrating and really made the movie painful to watch after halfway through. If this is what time travel is like, then don't sign me up, as its a bummer!
Cold Chills: I played this game when I had the nintendo 64, and owned this game. When the cut-scene where is little brother is at the aslym, that is what gave me the cold chills. This game could have been easier to play. I am looking for this game again, but I am running XP verison and can't find it.
A superb sequel, tons of fun.: This game comes out firing with all guns blazing. Fight night round 2 features stunning graphics (which show lifelike animations and facial expressions), awesome gameplay (both single and 2 player), a fantastic create-a-player option, and so much more. The inclusion of Super Puchout only adds to the replay value. If you are a fan of the Fight Night 2004, a boxing fan, or just want some fast paced action, then I highly recommend checking out this awesome game.
Carolina Moon: What a great read..N>R has really done it this time. I could not put it down and hated when it ended. Growing up in many of the same places that the book was set in, the scenes were accurate and the book riveting. Until the final moment I thought the bad guy was the father. If you read one book this year make in Carolina Moon.
One of my Favorite Books by Nora Roberts: This is my second favorite book by Nora Roberts. I love the suspense in this book. I couldn't put "Carolina Moon" down.
Carolina Moon: I found this story to be a good read well up to Nora Robert's usual standards. Tory Bodeen grew up in an abusive home with a father who tried to beat her strange "feelings" out of her. She has psychic/empathic feelings and felt her best friend, Hope, being murdered at the age of 8. Tory returns to her home town to open a store in the area hoping to bring closure to the murder for herself. She becomes involved with Hope's older brother, Cade, and Hope's twin sister, Faith. With her return she stumbles on another murder out of the past and with research through an attorney friend discovers several other murders of slim, blonde, women who were the same age as Hope if she had lived and always in August the month of Hope's birthday. Her return is the catalyst for many of the town's citizens.
Yuk.....: This book is the first I have ever not been able to finish. I think Nora Roberts is a poor author. I don't know if it is because she used too many adjectives or because she jumps around in time too much, but I found this book to be too confusing. Her character descriptions do not offer anything concrete to remember the character by... so you are constantly trying to remember who she is talking about. Also, there are too many characters - which also confuses the story. I lost my concentration so much that I finally gave up and put it up for auction on Amazon, thank goodness I got most of my money back.
SKIP THIS ONE: Hey you Roberts' fans, skip this book. I am a big fan of Roberts..ever since I read Honest Illusions ( best book ! ) I got hooked, but she should stick to what she does best, and that's contemporary romance. What's with this trend of romance writers (Lindsey, Coulter, Robards....) writing gross suspense thrillers in which the victim is ALWAYS a woman! Why advocate such brutality? I read a book as a past time. I enjoy a good suspense book like anyone else but draw the line at sicko stalkers.There is a difference between a suspense/mystery and brutal-violent suspense. I mean, the ending is so silly--it's as if Roberts had no clue who the stalker was till the very end. Very very weak. Is she even writing these? This one isn't worth it. Go read Jewels in the Sun. Now that one is fun. I am anxiously awaiting the second book in this new trilogy.
All in one, Mystery, Romance, Suspense: I have never read a Nora Roberts book before. I picked up Carolina Moon because I live in South Carolina. That was the only reason.I could not put it down. I've read it twice. I loved how Ms. Roberts combined several genres in one book. I'm not a romance junkie, but this one was good for me.I also loved how I knew the places she was talking about because I live near them. She described the locals with precision.A big thumbs up from me!
Don't listen to the audio version!!: I'm writing this review for anyone who might be thinking about listening to the audio version. It is the worst audiobook to which I've listened! The reader poorly conveyed emotion of the characters in conversation, sometimes, I think, messing up what was actually being said. What was worse was trying to figure out who was actually speaking since all characters had the same accent, voice, and expression. I'm really disappointed that I didn't actually read this book...I think it would have been a decent suspense read!
GREAT CLIPPERS! TERRIBLE BATTERIES!: Disappointed for the money :( I will probably never buy cordless again! Horses get too impatient!
Average performances - terrible sound quality: I needed a recording of the "Alle Rustica" RV 151 in a hurry. Too bad for me. The sound is dark and very muddy as if it was recorded in the bottom of a well. Not recommended.
A great investment!: This well-written book has been immensely helpful in bringing me up to speed on R/3 change management practices. It certainly goes far beyond R/3 on-line help. It is both well-organized and of great depth and breadth. The glossary alone was worth the purchase price.
here's a fun quote: "Nevertheless, I was irresisibly reminded of Peter Medawar's comment on Father Teilhard de Chardin's THE PHENOMENON OF MAN, in the course of what is possibly the greatest negative book review of all time: 'its author can be excused of dishonesty only the grounds that before deceiving others he has taken great pains to deceive himself.'"From Richard Dawkin'sThe God Delusion.
Wordy Waffle - not a shred of value in it!: There are plenty of books this bad, pages of tosh cobbled together to sound impressive, but actually saying nothing. To those reviewers who see the work as providing things of value, I would simply ask; in one sentence say one thing that this book offers that is new, different or useful.
Pain!: This book is really really horrible. It took me a while but I finally finished it hoping it would get better.....it didn't. I was disappointed in the book after having read and enjoyed the 'ware series and Hacker and the Ants. My advice is don't bother.
love ungaro iii: i used this perfume about 10 years ago and looked for till i saw it at amazon. i really love this product and what i got was exactly what i saw and expected. it is highly recommended for those who are connossieurs of perfumes.
cd-kse: Well, I was a bit hasty ordering this product. I believe there's the same cd with bonus tracks. I didn't check before placeing the order but I got the cd I ordered. Everything went smoothly. no complaints.
lost something along the way: Im sorry if this pisses off rabid KsE fans but these guys just lost it after they lost Jesse Leach. In many ways this sounds exactly the same as the previous disc. I think they reached a pinnacle with Alive or Just Breathing and have not surpassed it since. Although there are some hints of progression and maturity I must say overall the disc fails to hold my interest,probably because in spite of itself the "metalcore" scene finds itself oversaturated with bands that all sound the same. Ive seen some defenite and dramatic changes with certain bands as they released newer material,Dry Kill Logic and Chimaera immediately come to mind. But unfortunately,this one just doesnt do it for me. Dont get me wrong,it doesnt suck,but Ive been a metalhead now since the 80's and its going to take a bit more than a few subtle time changes and some more mature chord progressions to impress me. Check out the new In Flames,The Haunted,Children of Bodom.
really good album: I was actually really surprised how good this record is. I had kind of mixed feelings going in based on what I've read from theses reviews and I tunes but this record feels really strong to me. don't get me wrong they're are a few songs that pull it down a little but it's not enough to allow a star drop from me. I can't wait for the new one to come out sometime this year.
This album is not for real KSE fans.: I was looking forward to hearing this album but it sounds as if KSE has went emo on us. The excellent guitar is barely noticable, they went the Norma Jean route and chose disharmonic riffs instead of clear chords. The singing goes from the howling scream to an emo-ish clean singing. This album is terrible and I do not recommend it for REAL metal fans. This is an album clearly for fans of fake metal like Norma Jean and The Red Chord. This is not KSE. This is some band that used to be called KSE.
Almost As Good As The End of Heartache: Killswitch continues on their swath of melodic metalcore destruction with As Daylight Dies, and like all of their previous releases, this is a stand out album through and through. There are no weak tracks here, as every member of the band puts his full breadth into their talent. Howard Jones continues to impress as the replacement for former vocalist Jesse Leach, and has officially become the new voice for the band leaving little doubt about his effectiveness. As Daylight Dies shows the world that KSE is the quintessential metalcore band, leaving none in their sub-genre who can match their ability to interweave melody into metal. As Daylight Dies, quite simply put, should live up to the expectations of any KSE fan.
A wonderful book, buy it: I really enjoyed this book. It is so descriptive, you can just see everything. It is not for the person who needs superficial excitement, but more for the thinker. Someone who has an appreciation for nature and the earth will really enjoy this book. This book made me cry more than once. I want to get the movie now, but I know it just can't be as good as the book. I actually have a pet deer myself, so I was really able to relate.As for those who said it was slow paced. They didn't have a true understanding for the book Yes, the book is slow paced in some places, but so was life back then. The descriptive words are what brought the book alive.
Pioneer life in Florida centered around killing the wildlife: I was quite surprised that this book really isn't written for children. It is an adult book. I found it interesting, with incredible information on how the pioneers of Florida lived. I almost didn't finish the book, however, because there was so much killing (of animals). By the end of the story when the deer has to be killed, it doesn't seem to matter anymore
THE YEARLING: The Yearling is an awful book!!!!!!!!!! Don't ever read it!!!!!! If you read the yearling you will puke because it is just that awful!
Delicious and they smell a lot better than most: I purchased the Vigo Sardines in oil with lemon based on the reviews in Amazon. They are quite good. The Sardines are tender and there is a bit of actual lemon in the can. I love the fact that they smell a lot better than sardines I am used too. From what I have read the difference is that these fish are canned soon after they are caught. I usually have them for lunch at work and my office does not begin to smell like a fish market. The fish have an almost salmon like color on the inside which is visually appealing. I have already purchased 20 more tins! And the price is right.
Hijacked by cingular: This is an amazing piece of equipment. I have used the RAZR V3 for 2 years. This is only that much better. Bright screen. Brillient Graphics. Fast operating system. Huge memory. Decent camera. Quantum improvement over the original RAZR v3The downside: Cingular has replaced the functional "Mail" button with their "Video" button. I own a phone to talk and text. Cingular wants you to watch "Video" ($10.00/minute without plan). Push that button by mistake and it will be a very expensive day.A fantastic phone by Motorola undone by Cingular's "Marketing" department.Can't wait to purchase an unlocked, unhijacked version of this incredible phone.
Gives great ideas for how to keep a class efficient: This book is one of the most informative books that I have read addressing how to keep a class on track. It gives ideas for class interaction, homework, quizzes, group work, and others. I have found his ideas very helpful, this being my first year of teaching. There are also two more books that follow.
Info packed!: Although a few years old now this book is full of great information. I borrowed one from a friend and loved it so much I ordered my own. Highly recommended for detailed information on bird habitat and behavior.
Bait and Switch Software Purchase: TO; Amazonseller15@yahoo.comI emailed you last night concerning my purchase. On closer examination after checking my Amazon purchase recent I noticed that the software you sent was not what I ordered. My order was for the Small Business Full Version 2007 whereas the one you sent was a scaled down version Office Professional. I feel like I'm being scammed here. I expect you to rectify this. I did open the software and install it thinking it be the one I ordered. In spite of this due to the wrong being shipped I expect a full refund or the correct software mailed to me. MR .Monkiewicz
Not great value but Word and Excel are great programs: What can anybody say about software for which there is no choice but to buy? Can't do without it - had to buy it. Therefore I think the deal could be better.
Bearded Dragon: Facts & Advice on Care and Breeding: This is a wonderful book for anyone who has recently acquired or are thinking of acquiring a bearded dragon. Whatever your questions are...this book has the answers. I recommend that this be the first book you purchase.
Waste of Money: It does not work, once you get your vegtables in it and try to turn the handle it won't turn and the top comes off, what a waste.
Only has two blades: I don't recommend this model. It only has two blades, compared to the kitchen Plus 2000 which has three blades and is more efficient. I've had a Kitchen Plus 2000 for a few years and love it. I went to buy a second one and got this one, not realizing the blade difference. Oops.. my mistake. I'm returning it and getting the better product.
choppin': 4th one over the years, good deal great item, let's you chop to the size you want vs. a food processor, great deal
Do yourself a favor-- don't buy this!: I bought this reader a few weeks ago at Fry's for $14.99. My boyfriend and I were taking a two-week trip and wanted to be able to periodically download photos from our cameras and burn them to discs.Easy enough, you say? Wrong! This p.os. was a complete waste of money. We literally had to hold it in place while it was plugged in just to keep the connection from failing. And since returning from said trip, the reader has completely died and won't work at all.And the worst part is that because I bought at Fry's (which, in case you've been living under a rock and hadn't heard, is synonomous with "really bad customer service") returning it is almost more trouble than it's worth. Either way, whether I take it back or not, the next reader I buy won't be a SIIG.
The best game you've never played...: Do yourself a favor and buy this game. Seriously. This game has everything I've looked for in a game and kept me plastered to the screen for hours until I beat it. The art of game making has long been lost, but every once in a while a true gem comes from out of nowhere and restores my faith in the industry. Just because you may not have heard of this game doesn't mean it isn't worth of a look. For less than $20 it'll be one of the best investments you'll ever make for your PC.
Waste of money: Poor instructions, takes forever to grow and must be repotted. I have a "green thumb" and my plants are still only 1/2" tall after almost 2 months. You're much better off just buying some catnip seeds and using your own potting soil and pot. Any pot would look better than the cheap plastic tub provided.It's not catnip but I highly recommend the Kitty Garden:SmartCat 3844 Kitty?s Garden Edible Grass PlanterIt grows fast, looks good and my kittens love it.
you send me the wrong one: I ask for memory for ,my lapto aple,but you send me the wrog one,the one you sen it was complet diferen from the one ,i ask for
Composition and Technique Equal Lyrical Masterpiece: Pat Martino's unbelievably beautiful album, "The Maker", transcends the typical jazz guitar outing where many of todays artists are out to prove they are "the fastest guns in the west" by playing well practiced licks on tunes that the great Wes Montgomery wrote over thirty years ago. That's not what jazz is about and never was. Here, on the other hand, Pat uses his overwhelming knowledge of harmony to create exotic and other-worldly textures to carryout his singular creative vision. These five portraits-in-miniature include changes in time, mood, and feel, and along with the unerring support of the great Jim Ridl and Marc Johnson to give us, in my humble opinion, one of the greatest jazz recordings of our time. This record is an absolute must for the serious jazz fan.
Must have!: I was given one of these hand print towers for my first born. When my second came along, I needed another & didn't have a clue where to find one. The cheapest I found were on Amazon.com & I love them! They are a must have for each of your children!
Problematic: It's easy to mix the plaster, but hard to tell when the right time is to have the child put their hand in. It seemed to set either too slowly or too quickly. It's quite hard getting a 1 or 2 year old to press their hand into the plaster properly, but that's not the product's failure. One thing I must stress is that you make sure to let the plaster dry completely before putting the tin lid on. I put the lid on before it was completely cured and ended up with black mold growing on the underside of the lid.All in all, I find the moldable clay kits much easier to work with, less messy, and they give you more chances for a successful print.
It Works!: Hey, what more can I say. This trickle charger performs just as advertised, which is all I ever wanted.
Waldo in same location every page: I love Waldo and all but in this book he is located in the same position on almost every page. There are so many wonderful spots they could hide him but they end up putting him in either the bottom left or right side of the page almost every time. The kids got thru the book very fast and they were disappointed with him being in the same place all the time. There are definitely not enough pages either.
Great fun for all.: I purchased this for my five year old for Christmas. Before I could get it wrapped I was looking for Waldo! This is a great family book and really generates a lot of excitement for any age.
Out-of-box experience is thumbs down: Installed OK on XP/Home and have tried every conceivable way to simply open a JPG file on a LAN based server. Twenty minutes later, all I see is the hour-glass cursor -- not even a file dialog box.This product is going back to the store.
Crashes Too Often: Although this package comes with several disks of print templates and a large, searchable list of clip art, it is not worth the money (even with rebates). It does not work reliably on the two machines I've tried it on. Both machines had all of the prerequisite software installed and working (Internet Explorer 6 and Outlook Express 6) before installing PIP Platinum AE.It still crashes and freezes way too often. I've learned to save every time I make even a minor edit knowing that I WILL have to restart the program and/or the computer. In addtion, all of the graphics included in the many greeting card templates (birthday, Mother's Day, etc) are blurry and look amateurish when printed.Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a print package.
pretentious and pompous: Maybe I am just getting tired of Argento' work but every other his movie I watch seems worse and worse. Yes, as with other Argento movies a cynematography is unusual, but when this doesn't accompany anything else you start to question the meaning of this creativity. The plot is absurd, acting is horrible (the actress playing the main character is the worst), suspense is minimal. Even gore, that I personally don't care much about but which should be there according to the genre, is totally unimpressive. Plus, it's plainly boring.
100 Amazing Facts About the Negro With Complete Proof: This is excellent book with the proof you can research yourself. I always are enlightened by J.A. Rogers books they will help you understand alot about racial relations even for today.
worst RE game ever: The title says it all! I am a HUGE RE fan, and own every game. I have played every RE game for hour after gory hour, over and over for the sheer fun of it...except this game. It has no interesting characters from the RE storyline. The characters are boring, as are the slow-moving encounters. The necessary trading of items with NPC's adds nothing to the game, and in fact makes the game even slower and more tedious. Difficult is great...tedious is not. I never even cared to finish a single round, which says something b/c it was very easy by RE standards (at least, as far as I played into it). INCREDIBLY disappointing. A real departure from the series!
Rent before you buy: This game has impressive graphics, but it's unbelievable how many hold times there are!!! Every single time you change a room, there is a hold time. I felt like I was waiting half the time and playing the game the other half. I actually want to play more of this game, but I don't want to deal with waiting every minute or so when I have to go into another room. Get rid of the countless hold times and this game is great. They should have put more time/effort into this game.
BOC happy to know they exsist: the new ep is most worth the time and effort, if you enjoy ambient, the song entitled "amo bishop" is one of the most beautiful i have heard in a long time...if you choose to purchase the vinyl, it is baby blue!! it is not only lovely to look at but listen to as well.
The best half-hour of your day...: Right off the bat I could tell that I would love this little ep to the extreme. It's lush, gorgeous sounds and samples go with the flow like wine. These guys know some serious stuff about music!If you've heard anything from them, I'm sure you know you can't go wrong spending money on this wonderful piece to add to your collection of good music.P.S. There's only a few things from BOC that I still have to get, but I assure you, if you pick up anything from them you too will hear, these guys don't produce anything but scrumptious sounds....Peace.
What a Loophole!: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BDH6FS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imgMartin Sheen plays an out of work Architect, who is desperate to make some money!Albert Finney has a way to make that money, by breaking into the most secure safety deposit vault in London!So forms an unlikely partnership, and a viable loophole which provides a new start for our Architect and his wife!The story line is not unique, but it contains twists and turns which provide an interesting journey.And the closing is unique!
Fun, Hilarious & Educational Family DVD: I this video. This is well worth every penny.If you are/were a fan of "Bear in a Big Blue House" (Disney) then you'll love the character of Jake the Polar Bear and his silly sidekick, Stinky the Skunk.Done in a talk show format each episode contains a music video, "Habitat Time", "Baby Talk", quizes and more.As an adult even I learned a few interesting things watching the video.The characters are a lot of fun (Armstrong the Chicken Hawk is funny). They are whimsical and very realistic.I can see this quickly becoming a favorite with your child.
Suitable for young readers of all ages: Compiled, arranged and edited by Sara St. Antoine, Stories From Where We Live: The Great Lakes is a delightful and enthusiastically recommended anthology of stories, essays, and poems drawn from a diversity of talented authors, all of whom are celebrating the richness of daily life and the wilds of the Great Lakes region of North America. Suitable for young readers of all ages, these memorable tales and stories are enhanced with simple black-and-white illustrations to make the land, its creatures, and the people who saw and settled upon it come alive!
Handy for all headphones: These are handy for all sorts of headphones, not just for the earbuds that will store in the holes. They are made of softer, more flexible material than the Sumajin Smartwraps and seem a bit more secure. I have several sets of headphones which offer varying degrees of sound isolation, and so I have equipped them all with these handy little reels. Not a big deal, but it does make controlling the extra cord length simple.
if I had friends like these I'd hide it, not publish it?: This fellow pretends to be a naturalist, butseems to be a kind of busybodywho rats the bad news out about his friends and family?I had a hard time reading the whole thing:I almost chucked on the first storyabout the ice box on a Greek motor fishing boat,and the family vacation.I suppose that is you are making the most of old biographical stories these must have interested somebody for them getting published.The author just gives me a pain in my fillet.
disappointing . . .: i'm a big fan of cornwell's, but this book didn't do it for me. i didn't buy the fact that carrie is so brilliant that every single thing she does is on purpose so that scarpetta finds out about it. lucy needs a kick in the head.
Best Cornwell in Quite Some Time: After being somewhat disappointed by recent Cornwell efforts, I almost didn't pick this one up, but I have to say that I'm glad I did. In fact, I read it in one sitting! My only gripe was the ending. It read like it was thrown together as an afterthought, no real excitement. But hey, they are her characters! I'm looking forward to Black Notice.
The Real Cornwell is back!: Point of Origin is in keeping with the Cornwell we have come to know and love. Her best book still remains Post Mortem. This book rates a very close second. I found the ending to be alittle weak and lacking in satisfaction; anti-climatic. There were also changes in the characters that went without explanation, such as Lucy's resignation from the FBI. Carrie's partner preformed unspeakable atrocities, yet the character was neither introduced or developed. He was simply alluded to. Temple Gault was much more horrifying. When does the next book hit the stands?
Disappointing: I am a dedicated P. Cornwell fan, but was somewhat disappointed when I read "Point of Origin". The CONTINUED story line of Lucy's trials and tribulations regarding her lesbian lover and the characters of Carrie Grethen and Temple Gault have been exhausted. I definitely think Scarpetta, Marino, and Benton Wesley need to move on. They're such great characters, but have gotten bogged down. Still, I'm eagerly awaiting the next Scarpetta novel.
A once-fine series descends to hackwork.: The early Kay Scarpetta novels are quite good, but by this point Cornwell's just going through the motions. This novel lacks for just about everything. I think it was only inertia which kept me going to its completely unsatisfactory ending.
A vast disappointment from Cornwell: Patricia Cornwell's books have been falling off in quality over time, but the drop here is particularly steep. Part of the problem is her always haphazard plotting -- half of the problems and red herrings thrown up here never get explained. But her prose -- so alive and vibrant in those early books -- has become choked with cliches, so embarrassing to read that you wonder whether she's even assigned an editor nowadays. As for Scarpetta herself, well, Cornwell must suffer the most extreme case of 'I love my character' since Dorothy L Sayers. Kay Scarpetta isn't a character anymore, she's a Superhero: omnipotent, with Godlike wisdom, telling us all What's Wrong With The World. Lucy continues her decline from a sympathetic character to Wronged Genius Who Can Do Anything. She desperately needs killing off. Avoid at all costs and go back to those marvellous early books instead.
Great comeback!!!: I have been a KS fan since the beginning. Your latest book was great. Just do me a favor???? Next time you want to go on a tangent, " Hornet's Nest" please think about all of your fans. We want more KS. Keep up the good work.
One of Cornwell's best: This book reminded me why I used to love to read for fun. I couldn't put it down and found myself waking up in the middle of the night trying to figure out the plot.
Had a few reservations, but am sorry I finished it already!: I've read all of Cornwell's Kay Scarpetta books. I like the idea of a strong, professional woman character, who can take care of herself. I find the forensic details of her books, this one particularly, fascinating. However, I think that Scarpetta's choices of not having any life are becoming old. I can't believe that a woman of this strength could be so helpless about having a life outside of work, and in finding SOME happiness someplace. (Does anyone else picture Benton as the Admiral on JAG, or Duchovny's supervisor on X-FILES?) Also, the reason as to the particular intensity of the fires is never disclosed - or did I miss something? I'm looking forward to the next book.
Point Of Origin: I have read and enjoyed a few Patricia Cornwell novels.Point Of Origin seemed rather flat in comparison. I never really got pulled into this story and the ending fizzled. The reason I jumped onto Amazon today was to look up her earlier works I may have missed. I wanted to get back to the "good stuff".
This was Cornwell's worst book.: Ok, what's up, Patricia? Are you leaving room for yet another sequel...haven't you found out yet that your sequels usually fail. I was totally disappointed in this book altogether. I suppose killing Benton off was a way in which to introduce another lover (perhaps Lucy's new boss)? Perhaps Kay and Marino should just hook up and get it over with. In between making love, Kay could nag him to death. Cornwell's first few books were truly her best. We, as her fans, can only hope she goes back to that style of writing.
POO.....correct term for title and what I thought of it.: This has to be one of the worst PC books I've read. The characters have become shallow and caught up in personal problems that weigh down the book. I am most disappointed in the way PC handled the whole plot of Wesley Benton. KS had lost her touch in this book....why so concerned with Lucy...why the lack of concern and care for Benton???? Please, PC, hear what Amazon readers are saying! Handle the characters with more care. Whatever personal problems you might be having....leave them out of KS lives. Find a way to undo the Benton plot....SMILE
A potboiler of no distinction: This was my first Scarpetta novel; it will be my last. A flimsy plot: as another reviewer has already said, not "intellectually challenging." The characters are not credible: the women are overachieving amazons, the men are all cardboard cut-out cliches; even when the heroine's live-in is murdered, there's little genuine sense of loss.... The arsonist's methods take far too long to figure out -- a pointless "mystery" (I'm a Fire Marshal). The motivation of the serial killer is clinically wrong, an unabashed lift from "The Silence of the Lambs," where the motivation was also wrong.... (See John Douglas, ANATOMY OF MOTIVE.) The final confrontation, fought with handguns between helicopters, is not credible, either -- in fact, downright Hollywood "silly" (I'm a pilot, too). The novel is a waste of time and money.
I've moved onto other authors now: I have read all of PC's books in the last couple of months. I really loved them until this last book. I have gotten tired of Lucy, tolerable of Kay at times, frustrated with Marino and adored Benton. I found this last story line hard to follow and there is not really any closure at the ending. I probably will not read any further ones. She has a new book out, I hope she has started a new story line. Kay Scarpetta needs to be retired!!
I wanted to read slowly hoping the book wouldn't end.: The minute a Kay Scarpeta book hits the book stores I'm there! Cornwell is outstanding! Each one is better than the last, if that's possible.
Disappointing: After having read all of Cornwells books except the biography of Ruth Graham I found this one puzzeling. As I read it I repeatedly asked myself if it was written by Cornwell or someone else. It simply doesn't have the level of sophistication in the writing, (not the technology) that her previous books have. In addition, there were several glaring typos. I agree with other reviews, it's time to do something totally fresh with Scarpetta.
Never Ceases To Amaze Me: It Never Ceases To Amaze Me that every time someone comes up with a great new product some upper management idiot comes along and takes it off the market. Prior to the availability of Banana Boat Suntanicals, the best the consumer could hope for was smearing sticky, smelly, gooey slop all over themselves every time they went to the beach. I was overjoyed to have found Banana Boat Suntanicals, now I can't get it. Thanks for nothing.
The Rubbermaid 1181 is a discontinued product: The Rubbermaid 1181 is a discontinued product and at least Uncle Joe's admits that's not what they are offering (see their comments under "Featured Merchants"). Presents for you makes no disclaimer but shipped a 1182 which has the drain on the opposite side and as the previous reviewer noted is not a suitable substitution. In either case, false product advertising.Avoid! 0 stars.
Pleasant Surprise: I've never played the TS series before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Great game. Hours of playtime already invested and I've only completed 3.7% of the game! There is no option to turn the gore off, though.
swim video: This video is great for parents to learn some great holds, techniques to work with your children in a pool.I am a swim instructor/swim school owner and I added many of Rob Mckays ideas. I love his philosophy on fins and how he explains to parents that fins are a tool to help develop a strong straight leg kick, then work with the child without the fins and see the great results in the development of the kick. Great video series! Dolphins 1 and 2 are both worth buying!
obviously missed 30 seconds over tokyo: Would have been a good book if author had merely seen one of my favorite movies "30 Seconds Over Tokyo".
Behold the Many: If you were thinking about killing yourself before reading this book....DON'Tvery depressing.I kept waiting for something good to happen...nope...nada....never...not even once
Don't waste your time or money: This is definitely not a "feel-good" gay movie.. its a glimpse of a sick and twisted person exploiting a drug addict for his pleasure. Not a movie you walk away from feeling good about seeing it.
A nice easy read containing practical tips to boost your career: A good book with some very practical advise on how to succeed as a manager,but also how to deal with issues in everyday life. I think the managerial aspect of this book means it is more for those who already find themselves in lower management and want to move up the corporate ladder.I appreciated the insight into life of the Author and the tips, quotes and "remember this" at the end of each chapter are well worth making note of.Time will tell if it will get me a promotion ;-)
Outstanding music, lyrics, and atmospherics: Musical innovation at its best. Count me as one of the many new AvA fans. AvA has a distinct sound that's all their own--and it's good stuff! Tom's voice is one of a kind and his lyrical ability is one of the best. Unlike Blink, AvA's lyrics are mature, optimistic, and uplifting--this is very refreshing and one of reasons I like their music so much. There is "real"-ness and grit to the lyrics, but without the contrived angst that permeates so much modern rock. Put simply, the music makes you feel good and I imagine that it's cathartic for Tom to be able to express his true voice unabashedly in ways he's never been able to do before.
No it isn't: Here it is, the great AVA album that Tom DeLonge has been building up as some of the best music to come out in over 20 years. I assure you this is false information.What i hear in this album is the failed Box Car Racer, minus its garage sound charm. Tom has made no efforts to change anything about the face of music, but instead has written 10 lengthy and repetetive standard emo anthems. And they arent even catchy at that.I think the problem with the fact that this album is getting so many positive reviews is that people WANT to think that Tom was right. People desperatly want to believe that they are listening to deep, insightfull, new music. But i assure you, none of this is new, none of this is deep. This is a major dissapointment.Tom DeLonge said that Angels and Airwaves is going to change the face of modern rock and roll... finally i understand the title of Mark Hoppus' newest projects first release... no it isn't.
uh........: well, lets see. It seems they lured us in with The Adventure promising a more advanced "Boxcar". They came close with maybe 3 songs. The rest? It turned out to be one of those CDs you chuck out the window. bumber.
Breath of fresh air: With so many bands coming out these days with similar styles, its good to hear something relatively new. Though I have been, still am, and always will be a huge fan of punk rock, I do believe that "Angels" have created a very unique sound that can appeal to most. I strongly anticipating to see what else these guys do!
Cool Album (tom is cool but brings out the other side of him): It's wickid but tom i thinkj was better in blink but he's doing pretty good with ava. SO GOOD LUCK TO YA TOM!!! (by the way buy the cd)
Caused system freezes within 3 minutes: This card did not work at all on a dual 800 G4(not MDD) running 10.4.4. Within 3 minutes of booting the system it would freeze and require a restart. I had to return the card and continue using a smaller system disk attached to the slow ATA66 bus that comes in the machine. I've decided to use a firewire drive to house the large data volume that I need.
Really Disappointing!: This film is a complete departure from the 1st two "Return"movies. Whereas the first two movies in the series are funspoofs of the genre, this film attempts to compete withthe Romero films as a legitimate addition to the deadseries. It fails in that respect miserably. Don't wasteyour time or money on Return of Dead 3.
Major Disappointment. Why? No B-Sides.: This elaborate, expensive, boxed set which claims to be the Complete Stax/Volt "Soul" Singles has no B-sides.Yes, the tracks that are included are amazing, but as we all know, 45 RPM singles have TWO sides, so how can this set claim to be COMPLETE without BOTH sides? Idiots.I'm amazed that nobody has mentioned this previously in the reviews.Also, only records considered "soul" are represented, so the label's foray into gospel, rock, comedy & jazz are excluded.Compared to the impressive Complete Motown Singles Series, this set is an expensive letdown and wasted opportunity.
Should have been done better: Although it's cheap, having closed-captioned feature together with English subtitle will make a good appeai to younger generation into watching this classic movies. And of course, the picture quality is "kinda OK" (Whaddaya expect from movies produced in 1914?). If you're into Charlie Chaplin & just like to have him on affordable & cheap DVD, pls help yourself to buy this. Otherwise, forget it. Regards, Irwan Shah from Malaysia.
Sneakers: Love this movie. Very clever story and some fine acting by Redford and Aykroyd. Actually everybody in this movie has a great part. Very fun movie
Very enjoyable, a must for your DVD collection: This computer hacking movie is one of the best that have ever been made. Its one of those films that you can watch over and over. I saw it at the movies and bought it as soon as it came out on DVD. Robert Redford is a fine actor and the whole cast really make this film so enjoyable.I own the Region 4 version which also allows you to watch the film in Spanish or English audio (as does a lot of Region 4 DVD's), I'm not sure though if the Region 1 version offered here has Spanish audio.In Australia many people by multiple region DVD players so it really does not matter to us where we buy our DVD's but people in the United States might like to check it out first if Spanish audio is important to you.
A Classic Waiting To Happen: Ever thought the Government know our every move?SNEAKERS won't try to change your mind. This is a fantastic cast (Redford, Poitier, Aykroyd, Phoenix) with an equally witty, sharp and tense script. The story revolves around this team of conspiracy theorists on a retrieval mission of the ultimate password decoder: lethal in anybody's hands.There are some very suspensful moments here, some great comedy (particularly Aykroyd's character who thinks everything is a Government cover-up or conspiracy). Even if technology and hacking doesn't interest you, don't worry. This is a stylish adventure in the best tradition: one worth more than a single viewing.
How Richard Ben Cramer Lost: A very narrow minded and disappointing discussion. I wonder if a better title for this book is "How Richard Ben Cramer Lost" Israel as a reporter and author.
dishonest and disgraceful: Cramer is intellectually and factually dishonest in his portrayal of the situation. He presents a particular view that sees only from that one, incomplete, perspective. Sad, but typical, that many people will not care to examine the issues much further, but that will not stop them from talking as if they know it all! I would not give it any star at all, but am required to give it at least one.
Rich and insightful: What a thought-provoking, interesting book. Even if you don't agree with all of Mr. Cramer's conclusions, you'll love reading the stories he tells, and learning about the forces keeping this conflict alive. He shows us that both sides have produced their own set of myths that feed their sense of victimhood. Worse, there are people on both sides who profit by the conflict. Plus, Mr. Cramer has a wonderful sense of humor. I enjoyed every word.
What a let down: I really loved this series, The story and all the people of the village, What a let down at the end of series three, what a horrible thing to do to Father Peter and Assumpta, However the acting of Father Peter was excellent, I was crying with joy when he finally told Assumpta That he loved her, and then it came all crashing down and she was dead, I will be rewatching Series 1,2,3, but I can't bring myself to watching series 4 and 5, it's just to depressing.
Amongst Friends: Unfortunately, like others have reported episode 10 repeated rather than playing episode 11, Amongst Friends. Would really like to know how this ends.
Episode 11? Does anyone know who took it?: My husband and I just happened upon this program and loved it after the first episode. Only we came to Season three and find that episode eleven is not episode eleven, it's episode ten. So where is it? Does anyone have a clue?
A Good Man in a Commercial World: This is an excellent novel. It tells the story of a brilliant man who, unlike his fellow graduates, wants to prevent disease and death. Sinclair Lewis tells a beautiful tale of the ups and downs of an honest man in a Commercial World.
Obviously, not his best: This novel won the Pulitzer Prize in 1926 (for whatever reason) which the author refused to accept (maybe he agreed with some of the reviews). The author later won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1930. The novel is about a fictional person growing up in a fictional state, going to a fictional university, etc. I may get jumped on by some people for saying so, but personally I found the story dull and tedious (a good cure for insomnia). It does not compare with other prize winning novels which I have read that were written during the same era (Pearl Buck's "The Good Earth," Booth Tarkington's "The Magnificent Ambersons," etc.). I suppose this is one of those novels that you must read if you are a literature student, but I would not recommend it to anyone else. If you have an interest in the author, I would suggest trying one of his other novels.
Really Nice Poster: This poster is really great, if you are a Beatles lover, and want a nice poster for your room. It's a timeless picture and it never gets boring to look at. The poster came in excellent condition, and I would recommend it.
maximally soothing: My acupuncturist put in this CD for me to listen to while I was 'under the needle' and it was so soothing I just had to buy it. I remember the night breeze stirring the curtains in the window of my childhood bedroom and hearing these guys croaking down by the creek at the foot of the hill. If you have similar memories, you'll like this CD. (City-kids might be somewhat puzzled by it.)
Re-Volt: It's ok for a few hours, after that, use cheat codes to open up the better cars and tracks, play for a few more hours,But after all that I thought it was a average game with some control problems with the cars, it actually mimics R/C cars to well, and the AI was alot faster than most players can keep up with so expect to win only a few tracks. A few bugs, but not serious ones.
Want photographs that really capture your family and vacations? Get this book.: Wow. I have bought a lot of photography books in an effort to improve my pictures - composition, lighting, you name it - but this book blew me away with the simplicity and specificity of it's advice.The entire book is divided into chapters about common situations that you are trying to photograph and gives some simple advice and suggestions about how to better capture it. Obviously not every situation can be covered but what he does cover will inspire you and give you new ideas about how to capture what you see and feel.Sample chapters (How to photograph...):People around a tableThe first day of schoolChristmasA hike in the woodsA landscapeA sunsetYour vacationA monumentYour dogA coupleA baby's faceIf you are the photographer in your family, do yourself, your family and friends a favor and read this book!
The Fighting Agents - W.E.B.Griffin - UNABRIDGED AUDIO: Something is WRONG with this listing!! An Unabridged Griffin audio is NOT 4 cassettes long. So that leaves us with an ABRIDGED audio.Also, the full reading should be "Unabridged Audio Book presented on 9 cassettes for about 14.5 hours of listening."Also the price is wrong for an unabridged book!!
no support & does not work well with win7 or Vista: Simple Tech (Hitachi) no longer provides support for any of the SimpleShare Office servers. The servers "do not work well with Vista or Win7" as per an email I received from Simple Tech.
Tasty funkatronic treat: I was driving through Philly on a friday afternoon in August, scanning the radio..... Yep, that's the first time I had ever heard Pepe Deluxe, just in case you were wondering. Lots of fun road trippin, groove monkey sound. Interesting and worth adding to your cd collection.
Very scenic and relaxing movie: The movie has beautiful photography of tropical landscapes, volcanoes, hot springs, waterfalls, oceans and wild animals. It sort of seems like a natural geography type film that is relaxing and beautiful. Names of places are given so if you like an area you would be able to go there. The animals include some beautiful birds, butterflies and a wonderful scene with monkeys.Draw backs:There was some rapid panning of the camera especially during the butterfly scene.The movie is one complete track so it's hard to restart and jump to a location.Some scenes had some wind noise.Overall it is a very beautiful and relaxing movie.
Not exactly what I expected ...: This bit is fairly well made and reasonably finished for an inexpensive item. I would have rated it 4 or 5 stars as a good combination of low cost and reasonably quality except that it arrived marked "Made in China." Nobody who cares for animals needs to be reminded that "made in China" means disaster-in-the-making. No agency checks or regulates the advertised metal content of horse bits. The Chinese record of substituting adulterated materials is too egregious to be overlooked. I bought 3 of these for clients who will have to wait a little longer for bits made in the UK, the US, or the continental EU where there is (usually) some assurance that the metal content on the label is the metal content in the bit. The folks who sold me the bits are not to blame -- I should have asked. These bits will be mounted on my "reminder wall" -- not the place with the ribbons and trophies, but the one that records the "I should have done better" events.
Gleek w/Ricky Martin: Love Glee and I had missed this episode with Ricky Martin. It was fantastic. Thanks for making TV shows available on Kindle Fire.
Great show!: It was so nice to take time out from a busy schedule and relax with an episode of Glee without commercial interuption.
Fun: I never thought that I would like Glee so much. But the actors are so talented and there is a lot of musical variety. I am looking forward to the next season but am at a loss as to how they can continue after all the graduations. Great fun...
Glee season 3 is the worst: Glee season 3 is awful. The actors are fake, their characters have turned unbelievable and the storyline dull. What once was a fun show became endless.
Awesome and tear jerking episode: This episode of glee was tearful. The ending wasnt what I expected at all.. It makes me wonder what's going to happen to Finnechel after their breakup... and Kurt? what is he going to do??
The epitome of junk science: This book started the leftist, environmentalist revolution. Carson, like so many others today, appeals to emotion and twisted findings rather than scientific facts. For one, she fails to mention that DDT is similar to saccharin in that it is only somewhat harmful in HUGE doses of usage. What is even more baffling than her distortion of the facts is that many people, including the many members of US government, buy into it. Before you jump to any conclusions, consider true scientific findings and research, done by groups other than Green Peace; and pay attention to both sides of the issue.
people dead from malaria: People have died from malaria because of this book. DDT could've helped those in dire need.
DDT case study a "fraud": It's been several years since I've read "Silent Spring," one of the most significant environmental books ever written, but I must respond to the posting by "seem," which is titled "murderous, over the top propaganda" (I correctly your misspelling of the last word): His recommendation to read "DDT: A Case Study in Scientific Fraud" was put out by the Heartland Institute and is, in itself, a "fraud." The Heartland Institute is one of the most pro-chemical, pro-industry, anti-environmental and right-wing organizations around. Nothing they put out should be believed for a second.
Good for working in hot, humid temperatures: This is an excellent, affordable watch to wear while working in hot, humid situations without worry of damage to watch. I use it while working around/riding horses and gardening. Don't have to worry about it getting bumped, dirt-covered or wet! It cleans up well and the band is non-absorbent resin. It IS a little tricky fastening/unfastening with one hand when compared to a "fast-wrap" velcro band but the easy cleanup and odor-free aspects make it desirable for certain uses!!
impossible to program: This watch proved to be impossible to program the basics of date and time into ... I finally had to buy another 'analog' watch.
Practical, reliable, and great for travel.: I've had this watch almost a year now and love it. It's been with me to Ghana and Europe. While traveling it was nice to have the ability to have two time zones set so I could see what time it was back home without having to think about it. I have a daily alarm set to remind me of pills which is great, because the watch is always on so I can't miss it! I wear it even when I sleep and am not aware of it's presence, it's so comfortable and lightweight. I've gone swimming with it on in the lake, ocean, under a waterfall, and in the shower sometimes. It is indeed, waterproof. The color is true to the picture. I can't say enough how happy I've been with this watch. It's super cheap and is everything I need in a watch and has yet to fail me. It is one of the best purchases I've ever made; I feel like I got quite the deal. If/when something ever happens to this watch, I will purchase it again.
Homophobia at its most virulent: If the Christian Right wanted to make a hateful, homophobic propaganda movie they couldn't have done better than this one. The main character is a self-loathing blue collar worker in an extreme homophobic environment. The film takes a long time to have any indication of plot, and then it goes downhill from there. The characters are pathetic, the main character is portrayed as a psychotic freak that must go on a daytime talk show to communicate. Real life - are you kidding?Interestingly, trailers from other films on the DVD indicate that this company has a deep rooted homophobic habit. If there were a 0-star choice, I would have picked it.There is no entertainment, no message, a view of life that is depressingly unreal. And who wrote that other review, the producer?
Superlative ambient compilation: This compilation of the more sedate and ambient works from some of the artists on the Spotted Peccary label is a great collection and serves as a fine introduction to the "new" direction in which the label is headed. Many of the cuts are halfway between drifting serene "warm" ambient and darker soundscapes. But nothing here is the least bit disturbing or disonnant. Flowing synth washes, subtle percussive elements, warm undertones and drones, and spacy electronics all combine seamlessly, cut to cut, to produce an compilation that plays through superbly. It's almost as if this is the work of one artist in that the emotional and musical tone is sustained throughout the CD.If you've never explored this label, and you enjoy floating ambient or spacemusic, you can't go wrong picking this up. It's a very solid album.
Allerpet Let Me Down: It was a pain trying to put Allerpet C on my cats. They hated me every time and promptly licked all of it off. I could see no difference whatsoever in my allergies even after treating the cats twice a week for a month and cleaning my entire house after each treatment, right down to washing the walls, floors, upholstery and rugs. NADA. I wouldn't waste my money on this stuff. Instead I would recommend going to the doctor and getting some good Allergy medication! That's what I did and I kept my kitties.
Thought a HEPA Air Filter and the Fur-minator Comb worked much better: My boyfriend is allergic to cats. I didn't think this worked that well. My boyfriend says that our HEPA air filter, combined with brushing a cat with the Fur-Minator brush/comb, works much better than anything else... He actually noticed a HUGE improvement by using those 2 things.
Could be better !: I was a bit dissapointed when I received this book.In text it is absolutely great : a lot of detail in the different stories, and no "secrets" are held back.But, the quality of the book, and certainly the pictures, are very poor quality : it looks like they are black and white copies of copies of pictures.So : if they can add color pictures in this book (and a lot more of tem), then even with a higher price for it, makes it a better read.
Its as the picture shows, not what the description is!: When I got the item, it is what the picture shows (4 of the #4 containers) I didn't mind, because its what I actually wanted. For those of you wanting the whole set like it describes it being, THIS ISN'T IT!!Got the product in perfect condition and the seller was great!
very entertaining for golf nuts: if you read this book in one sitting and then go to the golf course for a round , you might not break 120 . however , if you read selected chapters and then try to apply the lessons you might make some real progress on your game . this book is not for beginners . this book is a compendium of " secrets " , some of which just might work , but it is no substitute for a good lesson from a qualified professional who can analyze your swing .
Not that great!: I bought this thinking I finally found the scraper that would actually do a good job.....dissappointed with the results! Does not work any better than the cheaper scraper that you can purchase from WalMart.
Not a good value: I've owned this shredder for about a year. It has been infrequently used and just burned out ... on about 5 sheets. It has NEVER taken the 10 sheets that it purports ... more like 4-6 is max. I will be replacing the shredder, but NOT with a royal product.
Would not load!!!: I had the required software for an update (according to the update software). I had/have MS office Pro 2003 with publisher 2003 and the software would not load. I got a message of "can not file a file" and the install set-up would stop and exit.Piece of crap!!! Lucky the seller was willing to give me my money back.
Definitely not the one for me.: The design for setting the doors open is flimsy and was unworkable for me. I had it set and baited with peanut butter on crackers and in the morning the doors were still open, the bait was gone and the trap had scattered mouse turds. I returned this for a refund.
this little trap does the job!: I was very happy with the trap; successfully caught 8 chipmunks within a week or two. My neighbors even let me know that they are not seeing them in their yards now! I had tried a larger trap but the chipmunks were too lightweight to trip it so they would eat the seed and go on through. I used birdseed in this little cage and it worked fine.
Haven't caught a damn thing...: I have caught zero mice. I have seen the mouse almost every night... Usually he/she runs right around the lovely cage. Not sure why I have this...
too small for rats: model 1025 is required for rats. I returned my order but the description for 1020 has not been corrected
This trap is toy, and does not work at all: I puchased the trap, first it was dificullt to set it up and at the same time install tha bate on the tray. This trap has two sides for the animal to enter, and there is only one entrac emight catch the chicmunk, or mouse, the other dor, animal can enter and stand on the trap tray and eat the bate and go out without being cut.Problem: The trap is to short for the small animals to be cut, because the tail of the animal prevents the the trap door close properly, therfore the animal can scape the trap everytime. The trap should have been 13-14" long to acommodate for the tail. I am sorry to purchase a toy rather then a trap. I waisted alot of nuts
Hav-a-heart mousetrap: Good product. It is a little TOO sensitive and sometimes is hard to set. A little more thought to the set mechanism might find a better and easier solution.
Havahart works great!: You really can't improve on this great mouse trap. It catches the mice without any harm and they can be released outside in a safe area. The quakity was a bit better when they were made here in America, but still works great!
Compassion feels good and this trap works quite nicely !.: I have caught 7 mice so far in 3 weeks... It's no problem for me to relocate them into the woods with a days ration of peanut butter in their cute little bellies... Mice are very smart and industrious little creatures.... Also, they are inquisitive. They will actually look you in the eyes ! It just doesn't feel right to murder little mouse families for the "crime" of trying to survive... Theyre no different than Dogs,Cats or any other life on earth... I bought 2 of these live traps. I had no problem setting the trip wires. In fact , after a couple of tries it becomes easy. I used a plastic straw to test-trigger my traps by touching the food tray pivot inside the trap... I wanted to make sure the doors would actually close when the food tray was pivoted... I am happy with the product and my Karma is shining happily as well !Havahart 1020 Live Animal Two-Door Mouse Cage Trap
works just as intended: I have only had for a week, and have caught at least 30 chipmonks.Took them to the neighbors to visit. Hopefully they will enjoy thier new pets.
Havahart Trap for Mice: We had a little intruder enter our home. We don't like poison or regular mouse traps so we ordered this humane trap.The trap was a little difficult to put together. It's also slightly difficult to put the bait in since it's small. If you have large hands it's hard to reach in.Other than that, it worked like a charm. It trapped our mouse and we were able to take it to the woods and release it. We read that if you let it go close to your home, it will come right back in, so we took it down the road.It's set up for any new intruders but we haven't had another.
Refun Question: I love my Carolina Crocs! I live in Nairobi, Kenya, and they are the talk of our campus! It's great to be able to support the Tar Heels from head to toe, literally!I am wondering, however, about the return policy. I was not credited with a full refund for the pair of shoes that I returned, and I am curious as to why that is. I am grateful for any refund, but was just wondering why only a partial one.Thanks for the great product!Lisa Orr
Alice Cooper Rip-Off.: This guy is such a fake it's not even funny. Almost everything he's done was done before by Alice Cooper. Changing your first name to that of a girl's? Very original...idiot. Makeup? Coop's got that covered. Shock-rock and theatrics in live shows? Oh please. That was done while this guy was a baby.The only thing "original" about this guy is his hatred for, well, just about everything. Rips up the Bible on stage? That's just desperate. Yelling that he hates God? This guy's retarded.His music also sucks. With Alice Cooper, you have good songs to back up the stage theatrics. This guy seems to be making money off of shocking idiot teenagers who think what he's doing is new, revolutionary, and cool. His music is horrible.How can anyone even take him seriously? He's a JOKE!!! He should be paying royalties to Alice Cooper for every CD his clueless fans buy.
i will deliver you know im a forgiver....: this is f@#kin' awesome! personal jesus, mobscene, disposable teens and beautiful people to name a few. plus a couple of cool covers like tainted love and sweet dreams. only complaint i have is antichrist superstar is not included?
No Response: This is supposed to be a review of the product but it is a review of Amazon. I ordered a used copy of this CD. I was charged for a new copy. I e-mailed Amazon to find out what happened before even receiving my CD to tell them what's up and received no reply. I'm keeping the CD, paying new price and will probably start CD shopping elsewhere!
You have to focus on the Practicality of the issue: I think my thoughts echoed a lot of other's when I heard that Manson was releasing a best of album: "Best of? Very few of his stuff is any good!" I, like many others, chose to ignore it and move on.What I didn't think about was the practicality of the issue. Manson has very few songs that are any good... ALL of them, though, are on here.So instead of going and buying a bunch of CDs to try to get those three or four or maybe more if you're more open-minded songs of Manson's that actually show some amount of musical talent, just buy this one and you never have to worry about going to the MM section of your local record store again! Everyone wins!--PolarisDiB
Don't buy this CD...: First of all, this disc is just the record label trying to squeeze some more money out of this tired old act. Manson was already showing their age on "Holywood", with low-quality songs like the "Fight Song" and "Love Song".This CD is worthless, because Manson forgot how to write heavy songs after Smells Like Children. The only songs worth listening to after SLC were quiet songs like "Man That You Fear".If you want to listen to good, HEAVY Manson, pick up Portrait of an American Family, his first and best CD, by far. This collection only has two songs on from PoaF: "Get Your Gunn" and "Lunchbox". Cake and Sodomy and Cyclops are much better songs from that album.Pick up Portrait of an American Family instead.
GREAT MUSIC: The Music Here is a Must.RUfus THomas is SUper Bad!Carla Thomas is Great as Well.THe Music&Production here are FUnky,Fun&TImeless.this is a Great Party Album.SO Much Energy here.TRUE R-N-B.VERY ESSENTIAL.
for those who want fixing outlook as a hobby: This is the most unstable software I have ever used. It has crashed at least 50 times this weekend, as I can't even keep it open long enough to fix it. Google "Outlook 2007 crashes" and you'll see I'm far from alone. If you can get it running, it's apparently the slowest email client ever. Yeah, Google "Outlook 2007 slow", too.
Clunky: This was purchased primarily for the calendar function and address book. It is slow, requires more key strokes and requires that my Dell Inspiron 1100 have additional RAM. It will not do certain functions necessary to preserve an accurate record of appointments when the appt. is recurring and I want to edit one or more of the series. It restores all previous edits to the original series status, deleting any individual appt. edits. It also deletes records older than six months according to what colleagues have said. BUT, it hasn't locked up my PC like the very user friendly Palm OS did, resulting in whole days worth of lost scheduling.
Not for people new to Word: This is a good product if you are familiar with current word procedures and functions.No handbook or instructions are included and would have to be purchased separately. I had not used word since 95, and had a very hard time figuring out what was needed to be done to make the type of document I wanted.I was disappointed, and still learning. Templates that are user created are available on line, which can be a security risk, and for my needs none were available.
what else you gonna do: I have so many problems with this specific Microsoft product but what am I going to do, they have the market on email applications.
Outlook 2007 stopped running after automated update: For those considering Outlook 2007, beware of my experience: one morning I ran Outlook 2007 to find it would not download email messages at all. (I would get an error about MAPI.) This appears to be due to an automatic office update of the junk mail filter.One of the most important features of an email program is that it doesn't suddenly stop being able to check email (imagine being on a business trip). Automatic improvements to the junk mail filter sounds great, but if that means one morning I wake up to not be able to check email at all, then the medicine is worse than the disease.The new features and changes Outlook 2007 really do not compensate for the lack of reliability. If you have another email program that works, I'd stick with it and not switch to Outlook 2007.On a positive note, I was able to fix the above problem by running repair (reinstall) from the Office 2007 install program, but this took half an hour or so to run.
stand alone doesn't work: I was mistaken. I bought and installed Office Student Home edition on my 2 new Windows 7 computers. I decided I would still like Outlook for e-mail so I spent the money and bought this software. Well guess what. Since it was not purchased in a bundle, some of the features aren't functional. You can't use themes or stationery. Word will not be the text editor for e-mail. Spell check will not work without connectivity to Word. I am sure there are other missing features I haven't discovered yet. Microsoft knows all about this yet they did not make it plain enough for me. I am very frustrated with MS for this shoddy system. I bought 3 new computers for home and church in the last 2 months. If I knew how, I would rip Office out of all of them and send it back but what can I do now? BE WARNED. Oh for the old days when Office came with everything.Randy Rusconi
Improved Outlook 2007: Improved look and feel. Much easier to set-up email accounts. Easier to organize and manage high volume of messages.
Outlook 2007 served me well: I upgraded to Outlook 2007 when it was released because I needed some of the features that it provided. In my experience, Office 2003 and Outlook 2007 co-existed without any noticeable problems. I have since upgraded to Office 2010 Professional...and the beat goes on.
Disappointed: This program is very buggy and I wish I did no even purchased and upgrade. Very disappointed
OUTLOOK 2007 INCOMPATIBLE WITH OFFICE 2003: Installing stand alone Outlook 2007 will corrupt your Office 2003 suite. Tech support will advise you to erase the components of your damaged 2003 in order to install Outlook 2007, promising to send you a 2003 replacement disk if you don't have your old disk. By attempting to install Outlook 2007, you will lose your entire 2003 and can only obtain a replacement disk for an additional $25.But it gets worse. If your system came pre-installed, they won't send you a replacement disk; they'll refer you to your computer manufacturer. Ever tried to get a disk from Compaq?? Or Dell? Or Best Buy?BEWARE OF OUTLOOK 2007!!
Unbelievably slow: I added Outlook 2007 to the Office 2007 I installed which didn't come with Outlook. I had been using Office 2003 with Outlook 2003 on an XP system and it had worked fine.Outlook 2007 is incredibly slow to start downloading emails and slow for each email. It may take it 5 minutes to download a couple dozen emails-no attachments or anything. These will download with Mozilla Thunderbird in maybe 20 seconds. And during that time it basically locks up everything else you want to do until it is finished. I've tried turning off everything that has been suggested that may be slowing it down but no success.I'm now using Thunderbird for my emails. Outlook 2007 was so slow the frustration level just got too high.I don't recommend buying this. Outlook 2003 was just fine but Outlook 2007 is a disaster on my machine.
Disappointed to the Extreme: I cannot ereally rate the product, because I never recieved it. After more than six weeks of waiting I received an email notfying me that I would be rebated the amount of the item less shipping since I had sent it back. Want to bet if I'll ever use Amazon again. Don't hold your breath!!!
Clunky: The product is functional; however, the way the information is presented is clunky and navigation is akward. I have tried to use this product with my 10 year-old on projects and 90% of the time Wikipedia is more useful.
They call this rain?: I listened to this to help me with sleeping a solid eight hours but to me the rain on this CD sounds like static. So it didn't really help me to get 8 hours of sleep - I figure I get 6 hours of sleep sometimes 5 - the healthy amount of sleep a person should have is 8 hours. So in 10 years I've lost 1 year of sleep & with my life the way it is I should be trying to sleep through as much of it as possible (Ha!).
Crisp and refreshing as a midsummer shower: Do you sometimes find yourself standing under the eaves revelling in the beauty of a midsummer storm? Do you find it surprisingly easy and unusually restful to sleep when it is raining outside? If either applies to you, this cd is the cheapest refreshment you will likely ever find outside of the real thing. Enjoy it. I do.
too noisy: I thought this would be a thunderstorm recording with a lot of rain and waves etc. but it has all these crickets chirping and its annoying, I don't want to listen to bugs. Besides for that it gets really loud and then soft, I bought it to go to sleep by, no way. Some people would like this recording because it really sounds like nature but its too much "nature" for me.
I thought this CD was wonderfull: This cd had the most wonderful, relaxing sounds. My favorite was track 2 (thunder and rain). I would recommend this CD to anyone. One would love the soothing sounds of the rain.
Superb shoes: I've bought them for my father. He liked them very much, since they're very comfortable and nice. It's quality is superb. They fitted and arrived on scheduled time.
Bad experience with this product: After buying this product vendor was contacted for support or refund on shipping costs due to installatio failure. What they never said was that this product only works with Windows 98 (who has windows 98 nowadays? and who really knows if it is going to work with windows 98?) Vendor never refunded shipping cost. They should not be selling an obsolete product. My guess is that they have a large quantity in stock and are just getting rid of them in any which way the can.
Flimsy: The title says it. Flimsy and cheesy looking. Yea, ya get what ya pay for most of the time. I ended up getting a stailess canister rather than put this in my classic.
Welcome to the Outrageous and Contagious Style from Mr. Lif.: Massachusetss MC Mr. Lif tears through 7 innovative tracks fortified by various underground dwellers such as Fakts One, paWI, EL-P of Company Flow and Spilled Acid Productions(check the stellar "Pulse Cannon"). He also teams up with several independent mic-rippers such as Akrobatik, Insight, and T-Ruckus to create an overall pleasing EP. Lif's unique, raspy vocals filter through the mic ever-so-perfectly, his apocalyptic B-Boy stance makes a true underground enthusiast drool on his/her backpack. Big up. Highly recommended. Peace.
Great Product: This is a great product. This and sea salt are the only salts I use. Being on a low-sodium diet for life this little container last me several months. Pricier than normal table salt, but this salt is actually good for you! Full of minerals naturally produced on Earth. I highly recommend this product!
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY: While "Phat Beach" has a good premise, it ultimatley goes nowhere. Throughout the film I kept waiting for it to get interesting soon, but it never did. None of the inexperienced actors have the charm ability to carry the movie by themselves. "Phat Beach" may have been more enjoyable if someone like Martin Lawrence or Chris Tucker starred in it instead of these inexperienced comedians. Plus, the script is extemely slow and unfunny. Some jokes had the potential to be funny, but weren't executed right, due to the director's lack of skill. I only laughed twice at the most during the whole film. By the way, the advertisements show Coolio on the cover as if he was a main character , but he actually is only in the film for about 2 minutes.
just plain silly: I suppose in some literal sense this thing does its job: it keeps your ipod attached to your arm. But once it's there your ipod just flops all over the place. Don't try moving too much--in other words, don't try too much "sport" with this thing on. The product would be effective for things like sitting around, maybe going for nice easy strolls. But then I would think just sticking the ipod in a pocket might work out just fine. Maybe there are better 30GB ipod sleeves out there if you want to run around, or maybe you need a nano or a shuffle. You certainly don't need this.
Great bargain: The day after I ordered this Gold Box Deal, I saw one package of 12 batteries selling for more money than I paid for the 32 batteries in this order. It's a great bargain!
50 Percent Rates Zero To Me: Unfortunately, 0 stars was not an option. I purchased two 8 Packs of Energizer D Batteries to use in an O2 Cool Camping Fan (which BTW I recommend wholeheartedly). The 1st 8 Pack worked Fine. The 2nd 8 Pack, with six years left for freshness, were dead . . . I repeat . . . *D*E*A*D*. I placed them in the appliance for which I bought them . . . not once . . . not twice . . . but three times . . . each time checking to see that I had installed them properly. Next I installed them in a flourescent lantern . . . nothing . . . I will not buy Energizer batteries again. I would furthermore fire the Rabbit that keeps on going and will make sure he remains gone from my life.
Great concept - Weak treatment.: Okay, here's the deal. I'm looking for a great way to study for the bar. A thirty or sixty day cruise sounded like a great option. I wouldn't buy it again though.Although this is a fairly entertaining read, It's a bit pricey - it's privately published so you're probably not going to find it at your local bookstore. I was disappointed by its size, scope, and overall treatment of the subject.Best bet: if you happen to see this book at a garage sale - pick it up. Don't pay full price - you'll be disappointed.
Spaced-Out Japanese: If you ever wondered about that strange music in Japanese mystery films, this is it. The Zumi-Kai Instrumental Group has a sound that can be described as 'spaced-out' and very abstract. This recording brings the higher end of Japanese culture and gives it a push into the future. For this is traditional music that will last into the coming centuries. There are five compositions averaging over 9 minutes apiece. These lengthy, intense tunes extend out in blissful atonality. Great for an evening of relaxation, a dinner party, or just meditating on life. Reflection is the mood, peace the goal in this serious set of music.
Not for business use!: The license prevents you from using this product for any commercial use, even non-profit business use. Do not buy this product if you have any intention of ever using it to make money.
Man Vs. Superman: This is the autobiographical story of writer Steven T. Seagle's struggle with an offer to write one of the monthly Superman comics. Why the struggle? Seagle has associated Superman with a disease that runs in his family. He resents Superman's perfection in relation to the slow, nasty death he fears awaits him. Despite being annoyed by the patent irrationality of resenting a fictional character, and the self pity about possibly dying of this disease (few folks' death is actually pleasant, after all), I found myself respecting the book for the skill with which the story was told. It's not easy to get inside a character's head the way this book does. Seagle's words are honest, and the art work is very expressive.
35 & TICKING: OMGoodness! This movie is funny, im finding out kinda, tardy for the partyish, howeva ima need that soundtrack. What, they don't have one published...help !
THE book that changed my life.: This is the book that changed my life. Nothing else has even come close. In very simple, shallow, easy language, Dr. Berne explores the deepest topics of human behavior and interaction, revealing to you where your beliefs, behaviors, and attitudes come from. This process is extremely painful, and extremely helpful. I recommend this book to everyone looking to improve his or her life in any way. This is the book that opened my eyes to the possibility of improving my life. After I finished this book and the process of assimilating what I had learned, I quickly devoured the remaining texts on Transactional Analysis (I'm Okay, You're Okay; Staying Okay; Games People Play; Born to Win; and a few more). All of them were helpful to some extent, but I think I was fortunate to read this one first. And in response to the 1 star comment, I'd like to say Games People Play talked about other people. This book talks about YOU.
Deniro and Pacino walk thru it: This movie wasn't bad but it was hardly the movie that you would want to see Deniro and Pacino wait so long to share screen time on. It was a pretty basic police/serial killer story that tried to keep you guessing but really has been done before. I would rather have seen them sink their teeth into something worthy of their early efforts and all we got was something that was worthy of their latest efforts which haven't been all that great. The movie had a really good cast and Carla Gugino looked great and super sexy as usual.It is worth a watch but if you are expecting The Deer Hunter, Serpico, The Godfather I or II or any other number of great films these guys have done including Heat you will be let down. It is a walk thru performance by both.
Love Deniro and Pacino but...: the movie is too predictable. If you are a big fan of either actor, I think you'll be disappointment. Not because of the acting, but the script is too predictable.
bad script: Two great actors with a really bad script, there was no suspense or a build up to understand why the characters did what they did. Both actors would have been better off playing against each other, De Niro should have played the part that Leguizamo played. The ending was bad, bad ,bad.
Poor: I am not impressed with this mop. A lot of water comes out at one time and soaks the floor. It leaves puddles of water all over. The vacuum part works good. Its light weight and easy to use. I would not buy this product again.
What a disappointment!!!: I was so excited to finally get the bucks to buy one of these gadjets. I run a daycare so mopping daily is a necessity! I thought this was an answered prayer. I should've went with Mom's advice and purchased the Hoover!!!Having already owned a Bissell vaccuum, and being extremely happy with that particular purchase, I thought I was making a wise decision in choosing the Bissell FlipIt over the Hoover Floor Mate. What a let down! It does clean well, if you want to take the whole day cleaning the floor! I could mop the old fashioned way much faster. I was so sure I was doing something wrong that I called the 800# to speak with a rep. After I answered his many questions - I finally asked him one. Is it SUPPOSED to work this way?, I asked. "There will be some resistance" was the reply. That's all I needed to know, I said.This baby's going back!
What a waste!: I can't believe how excited I was to purchase this vacuum only to be disappointed. The vacuum had no suction...my daughters Barbie vacuum works better. The wet portion of this machine is not any better...definitely not dry ready to walk on. The only good thing about this machine is that I it was easy to take apart and return to the store!!!
Waste of MONEY and TIME~!!!!!!!: I have hard floor throughout the entire house both ceramic tile and Laminate wood. I got rid of carpet because it is filthier. I also have two dogs that bring dirt in and out between slight shedding. I have learned about this Unit, and gave it a try. Well, BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. First of all, the unit is too small. You have to go back'n force over and over between trash bag, refilling to machine between cleaning which gets old fast. Then, it does not clean as good. For 12 x 12 Ceramic tile, you would have to go over and over the area before you can move on. I found it MUCH easier and LESS expensive to just sweep or vacuum with a regular vacuum machine, and then use mop to clean the floor. It gives BETTER result in no time~!! DO not wast your time and money into cheap GADGET like this one, or Floor Mate, the worse. Do not get the lazy idea, just do it physically can actually save you a lot of trouble. I am taking it back.
Flip it...skip it, save your money: I thought by purchasing a Bissel brand Flip It that the quality would be superior. It was far from superior. Using this machine is more work than standard mopping is! Everything it sucks up gets clogged in the filter, and then you have to go in manually and clean it out (gross!!!). Then, if the pad underneath or the brush gets clogged with stuff, it leaves dirty water spots ALL over your floor. you would be better off with a standard mop.
This thing doesn't suck!: The one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly doesn't! This thing blows more air than it sucks dirt. What a useless thing. I'm looking for one that will actually pick up the dirt from the recessed areas of my prefinished floor. This thing certainly doesn't do it! If you're looking to buy this thing, look again -- there MUST be something better if not just your regular broom!
Flip it vac.: I am a senior and have used many different vacuum cleaners in my life, this one has not my full approval, and it also leaks. I click slightly for the water but even then, at the end, it leaks and keeps leaking for a few minutes, leaving a puddle on the floor. Sorry, but I did not like the product what so ever.
Bissell FlipIt: The Bissell FlipIt is great for hard floors. I like it as it is light in weight, easy to use and makes quick work for getting the floors looking great.
Buy a Mop and a Broom: I bought this to make my life, helping around the house, easier. This didn't even come close. I have mopped a lot of floors in my life and this product made more work for me. The vacuum, wet and dry, has as much suction as a gold fish! If you want to sweep first and use this contraption to 'mop' the floor, just prepare yourself to then wipe up the muck that it just pushes around. A note to Bissell, Not even close! The good reviews for this thing are most likely employees of Bissell or from people that actually clean the floor before cleaning the floor. Either way, I'm getting my money back and using it to go the way of a regular mop and broom.
JIM MORRISON FOREVER: THE ORDER WAS EASY TO DO. THE CD CAME QUICKLY. THE ORIGINAL MUSIC WAS GOOD SOUNDS FROM THE "DOORS". THE ALTERNATE VERSIONS ADDED A NEW TWIST TO THE DOORS SOUND,WITH VERY SUTTLE CHANGES. I PLAY IT WHILE WALKING THE TREADMILL, IT IS PLAYED AT THE RIGHT TEMPO FOR A NICE WALKING SPEED FOR ME,AND I LIKE THE MUSIC. WHAT DO I KNOW? I WAS A TEEN WHEN THIS STULL WAS NEW AND STILL LIKE IT.
DVD Audio at its finest.: This was a great vinyl album and a great CD, but this classic is absolutely fantastic in 5.1 DVD-A advanced resolution. Instrument separation, crystal-clear vocals, deep base...it's all here, folks.After a few beers, I thought I heard Morrison casually breathing into the mic after the chorus of LA Woman during one of the instrumental solos...I've bought about 30 DVD Audio disks so far. The recording quality of this one is in the top five. People interested in buying this have likely already heard the album, so there is no need to comment on the brilliance of the lyrics and music content.If you don't have DVD Audio yet, you are really missing out. Also, if you are not DVD-A ready - DON"T BUY THIS DISK. YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY.
1 star for the marketing...: i had thought the 2nd, bonus CD the raison d'etre of the re-release of L A Woman. (the disc is an offering wonderfully strange, eerily so.) until, that is, i discovered on the www news of some accompanying celebration to the enterprise. it would seem that there is/was a 41st anniversary 'party' complete w/ video filmed in venice, CA. excuse me, "Venice"? what the video shows bears little to no resemblance to Jim Morrison's Venice. (i write as an erstwhile citizen of Venice pre-gentrification--albeit short-term and post Jim's residency.) to include Mr Morrison in this doors celebration then, i think that additional scenes would need to be added, perhaps super-8 slides of Venice in the days of the oil fields. Days, too, of the original Venice beats--the painters & poets.so, yes, although 5 stars for the music's re-release, 1 star for the package deal.
Saved By Works?: I got my copy of this book as a freebee from "Crossings Book Club". I'm glad I didn't spend any money on it because in a nutshell, this book is totally wrong. If you listen to Bruce Wilkerson, your heavenly reward is based on your works. Nothing in scripture supports this.I always refer people who are lulled into this kind of thinking to the parable of the laborers. Those who were hired at the end of the day received the same pay as those who started at six o'clock.. And didn't Jesus promise the thief on the cross that he would be with him in paradise? He didn't tell the thief that since he was a "Johnny-come-lately" that he would be in a lesser place in heaven. He said "you will be WITH ME."Once we have committed ourselves to Christ, the Holy Spirit will guide our works. We don't have to keep our own scorecard. We just have to be obedient to the Spirit and he will show us what our work is to be.
Very representative collection: Legacy is certainly very representative of Rick Nelsons wonderful career, from the very first release to the final days. Nelson had so many great recordings, however, there is a lot of material to be picked up else where.
This one's a stinker: I really love Amanda Quick, but this one just didn't work. We don't even get to see the hero and heroine meet and spend time together; the action starts after they've already spent a week getting to know each other. Very disappointing from a romance novel.And I don't really expect tightly woven mysteries in my romance novels, but the plot in this one defies belief. It's never explained why the first murder even occurs. The hero's fear that the murderer will focus on Venetia because she's using the last name "Jones" is beyond ludicrous. If that was going to be a major plot point, at least make it an unusual name that would link the hero and heroine together. But JONES?!All would be forgiven if the romance were compelling, but it wasn't in the slightest. I will probably choose to wait for the next one in paperback or at the library.
Not worthy of Tom Clancy: The best part about it is that it is short. Shame on Tom Clancy for allowing his name to be put on this worthless novel.
What a waste of money!: It is a pity that a respected author should stoop to putting his name in big letters on the front cover of a book that was very obvoiusly written (badly) by others. I was left with a real sense of having wasted my money.
Hildegard was not so boring: The first disc offers a recording of the Ordo Virtutum. The music itself is well performed but the visual aspect does not add anything, in fact it makes the music less enjoyable. The performance is stiff (what to expect?) and does not communicate the sense of mystic experience that the original context must have had. In the first disc you'll also find an interview to Matthew and Mary Fox. What they say is quite informative, but it could have been done in 20 less minutes. They focus on theological and political aspects and are not competent in music, nor pretend to be (at some point the Ordo is referred to as an Opera!). The second CD contains a TV movie on the life of Hildegard. Badly done, very boring, not informative at all. I definitely do not recommend this DVD.
Annoying bugs!: I bought this CD because a review said there were no annoying loud birds...well, the bugs are louder than the rain or river and sound like grating metal. The first track is supposed to be rain, but you really can't hear the rain, it's so soft. You sure can hear the bugs! After only 2 minutes I couldn't stand it. It's a little like the 17 year cicada invasions. The river in the second track is louder than the rain on the first track, but there are still loud bugs. The third track has many birds. I love birds, but there was little variety and most of the bird calls were non-melodic and uninteresting. I did not find this CD to be at all relaxing.
One of my all time favorites!: I've used this CD for years: naptime, massage, candle lit showers & bedtime. These showers are so awesome... that I gave this CD and the Thunderstorms CD for variety along with instructions for a divine experience to all my sisters! XO! Did I mention someone "forgot to return" this CD to me... so I went out and bought it for the 2nd time!
Another Gifted Genius: This Issac Hayes set seems to flow flawlessly between songs. Although, in my opinion, not one of his better releases, he still stays true with the funk. His covers of "Never Can Say Goodbye", "(They Long To Be) Close to You", and "Going in Circles" are excellent productions, giving them a much more sophisticated sound. I would add this CD to your collection.
Truth in this book by valid repudable psychiatrist: I have known people with children put on drugs like Ritalin since grade school. In high school they were worse and got more diagnosis to last a life time. The parents say they have been compliant on medication and it keeps getting worse and worse and they only get more meds. and diagnosis and the parents can hardly go out of the home without concern for what their children may do.This book helps many. Those who like the drugs are just speculating and don't listen to the stories of how hyperactive children are helped and recover without meds.
A great Bob Wills tribute: "Buddy Emmons Sings Bob Wills" will satisfy your expectations for what an amazing steel guitar player can do with songs by one of America's greatest songwriters. Buddy's singing makes the listener wonder why he so seldom exercised his vocal talents. I walked into this tribute expecting arrangements that would be heavy on the steel guitar. I was surprised to find conventional versions that give the fiddles, piano, and steel guitar the conventional spacing one would expect to find in an 'Asleep At The Wheel' type arrangement. While not a great steel guitar album, this is a beautiful recording for those who adore Bob Wills' music.
Not what I expected.: This story was a little disappointing. Although it ended on a good note...the meat of it was a little weak. I can't say I enjoyed this book.
Pretty bad...Two stars b/c I finished it in one day: Well, this was a disappointment. I am an avid fan of MOST IR stories and this one did not make the cut. First off, I wholly agree that the two main characters were kept apart for too much of the story. Just unreal. And when the ILYs came, I asked myself "why?" Too much time was spent with the other guy, Joe.
Great Movie!: I love this movie! It is such a cute movie. They don't make movies like they use to! Love it!
not sure: I wasn't able to watch this disc as I'm in the wrong REGION. I didn't know there was such a thing before. I can only watch this video if I live in Japan, Europe, South Africa, and the Middle East including Egypt. I purchased it from the United States and live in Wisconsin.I remember watching this movie years ago and was looking forward to seeing it again as I had just seen it performed in a high school musical. Funny!
That's right!: The best of Blur, a sweet album! This band bother me all this years, they always have some amazing songs and some boring songs you have to skip skip skip...Like people who bought 13 because of Song 2 will wonder what the hell is this band doing.anyways, I love Blur, they try different kind of music all this year. And it's time I don't need to skip skip skip...
Even the Transfer Looks Dim: The many critics of this film, both in the national press and on Amazon, are right, in spades; De Palma's picture's one of the weakest of his wildly uneven career. I'm a great fan of THE MAN WHO LAUGHS, but I defy anyone unfamiliar with that film to sort out its use in the present plot. And the dialogue's so ridiculously stilted and stuffed with bad noir pastiche jargon, it's frequently well-nigh incomprehensible. Poor, talented Fiona Shaw and the usually capable Scarlett Johansson will survive the wreck -- but please, can't we put Josh Harnett out of his (and our) misery? He's lame enough in contemporary pictures, but in period material, he's so lightweight he vanishes onscreen in a crowd of two. Reading the other pans, I'm surprised nobody's ragged on the quality of the transfer. Universal generally does well with its DVDs, but my copy of this film had a greyed tone, lacking true, deep blacks -- surely an unforgivable sin for neo-noir! What a missed opportunity.
Slumming Streets Of Hollywood: Take Raymond Chandler's noir "slumming streets" of 1940s Los Angeles, a few tough cops who may or may not be "on the take", more "dishy" dames than you can take a stick at all trying to make their way to Hollywood's big time, big screen any way they can. Throw in money, sexual desire, sexual perversion, some stolen scenes from other noir films and you have "Black Dahlia". No, not Chandler's "Blue Dahlia" there is too much visual, up-front violence, too little worthy dialogue, and too little character development for that but all the other elements are there to produce an some what entertaining mystery that will keep you guessing a little, if you can keep your eyes off those "dishy" dames, Hilary Swank and Scarlett Johansson, (or, depending on your preference, those "dishy" guys ). That in the end is probably the reason to see this thing. It does have that great `40s background music to set the mood, though. You know, if you are a noir fan what I mean.
Disappointing: My friend has a minor talking role in this, so I downloaded it to see my friend, and because I admire some of De Palma's past work. The film displayed plenty of talent in all areas except script. I lost interest by the halfway point, and watched through the end only because of my personal connection. Plot resolution was implausible, even if it's based on fact. Characters fell apart.
Another Disappointment From De Palma: Despite his impressive visual style, Brian De Palma remains a hit-or-miss filmmaker. For every "Dressed to Kill" or "The Untouchables," there's a half-dozen misfires such as "Bonfire of the Vanities" and "Snake Eyes." Unfortunately, "The Black Dahlia" (2006) belongs in the latter category. This deliriously incoherent James Ellroy adaptation suffers from flat acting and lack of narrative focus. However, the Los Angeles period detail is spot on and film buffs will enjoy the references to director Paul Leni's 1928 classic "The Man Who Laughs." It's a shame this watchable mess didn't work out better.
How to turn a great novel into a pathetic movie in 1 lesson: The Black Dahlia was an excellent book. It made my "Ten Best" list in 1987.L.A. Confidential, by the same author (James Ellroy), was an excellent book made into an excellent movie.Black Dahlia, the movie, doesn't make it to that level. Bad acting, incompetent direction, pathetic plotting...there's nothing to praise.In point of fact, Black Dahlia isn't a movie. It's an interminable cigarette commercial.
Murder of the twelfth degree: "The Black Dahlia" is a mess. Everything's impressive and nothing is right. It seems like Aaron Eckhart's character should be played with more darkness, like Josh Hartnett's character should be played with less boyishness, like Scarlett Johannson's character should be more emotionally complex. The story is convoluted and the storytelling is awkward. I can explain the film's core storylines, but to tie everything together is a task beyond me. There is one person involved who deserves praise: Mia Kirshner, who portrays the thin, secondary character of Elizabeth Short with surprising emotional depth. Brian De Palma's original three-hour cut supposedly was a horse of a different color. The cut with which we're presented is boring, absurd, and unpleasant.
Not the best showcase for the talent this group may have: How does this CD contrast with the better ones from Tool, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, and other icons of heavy rock? Let me count the ways. Where the other ones can vary their style, up to and including the light and lyrical, this CD stays in the realm of the unduly loud. Where the other ones, even when heavy, offer interesting, unique riffs that entice repeated listenings, this CD provides nonstop noise that irritates more than it entertains. Where the other ones provide novel and even incisive lyrics, this CD's lyrics wander aimlessly and thrust at nothing I can recognize. I don't want to say that there's no talent here, but rather, that better vehicles for display of that talent might come along. Don't spend money on Disturbed until they do.
a must buy: This CD is not "cutting edge", but it is definately another great rock and rap cd. I bought the cd after hearing Stupify on the radio and i bought the CD. I was plesently surprised to find that stupify is not the only good song on the album, such songs as voices and shout2000 are also great songs. If you have such popular CD's as limp, incubus, or staind this is one you should also have.
David has rose the bar! His voice is awsome!!: This has to be the best rock album I have ever heard, I'm so addicted to every song, my favorite is "Droppin Plates", it has so many different ranges to it, not to meantion that David is the best lead singer of any metal band I've every heard. They are very distinct, and should not be catagoized with nu-metal bands, they have totally rose the bar on rock music and it's furture. (...)
great group!!!!: diturbed kicks major butt. these guys are great listening music. if you don't like disturbed then there's something wrong with you. this cd would be a great investment.
BADASS: Lets keep it simple, Disturbed is a BADASS, a hardcore metal band and if your down with Static-X, Slipnot, and other bands like that you ought to be down with these guys.But I got to say this band has their own originality and his voice sound like a mix between the lead singer of Static-X and System of a Down. This is a band thatyou must check out you'll be surprised.
THE BEST! CATCH THE SICKNESS: I HAVE SEEN THEM IN CONCERT....I HAVE THEIR CD... I HAVE SEEN THE WEBSITE AND AM CONVINCED THAT EVERYTHING ABOUT THEM IS AWESOME. NOTHING BUT LOVE TO THEM. SCREW WHOEVER DOESN'T LIKE THEM...BUY THEIR CD!
sick: this is the sickest cd ever!its so sick!ya bro, this cd makes me want to go to the desert with my phat truck and go froadin!they are probably the most hard core band i have ever heard in my life.and they are so talented too.it takes alot of thought to come up with lyrics like "get up come on get down with the sickness.ya bro!they are a true metal band.almost as good as godsmack!sick, tight, phat, off da hook!
Not so great cd... why do people like it?!?!?: i mean yeah... the first time i heard stupify i thought it was pretty good, but then it really got on my nerves and it was really overplayed. All the songs sound the same and get really boring after a while. Its good at first, but then it really gets on your nerves.
Not that great, just bizarre: I'm not a very big fan of this CD. It's extremely bizzare and the music isn't that great. There's a few good songs, but the rest is just filler. The lead singer has one of the weirdest voices in music today. My opinion: just bypass this and get something else. I don't recommend this CD.Favorite songs: Voices, Stupify, Down With The Sickness
More of the same: In my humble opinion, this album isn't new or original. This music sounds like a million bands who have come and gone through the years. Don't waste your time or money. Just listen to the provided sound clips for proof.
Over-rated: Young, pre-teens might dig this piece of crap, but it just sucks. No substance whatsoever.
pop metal [junk]: if u like listening to about 2 dowtuned power chords for 40 minutes, buy this horrible pop metal cd. i never thought poeple could be this bad at making music.
One of the top 3 albums of the year!: This is one of the best records of the year, along with Papa Roach. I'm not sure why everybody is saying that "Droppin' Plates" is the worst song. I particularly think it is the coolest song to listen to on the whole album. Disturbed is a great introduction to the new rap-metal era that is approaching and is a definate must in anyones collection who appreciates metal-rap bands.
Better then most of the CDs i listened to: This cd was alot better then I thought it would be. Stupify and Down with the sickness are brillent works of art. Better then all the other crappy pop-punk and drive-heavy bands.
Skip it: Sorry, I just don't get what's so great about Disturbed. Most of the album is filler (e.g., Dropping Plates, Fetish for Violence). Even the few catchy songs get boring after a few listens. People who think Drowning Pool or Korn are heavy bands might like this, but if you're looking for REAL talent and musicianship skip this and go buy some Tool.
The one and only: Looking for a good rock band is hard so when i heard of disturbed i was hopeful, but it has to be said this is the biggist pile of tripe ive ever listened to, and i have heard some crap albums . dont buy this save yourself from this really bad and pants album . i give it one star because it is extremely crap . crap crap crap. thank you
down with the suckness: I dunno. Their singer tries to be real scary & intimidating. But it just makes me laugh. It doesnt help matters that he is 5ft tall with boots on. I guess alot of people buy into it when he does his growls & grunts & tries to look evil & tough. If the music was really good then maybe I could overlook the singer & his cornball lyrics. But the music is alot of cheesy riffing & recycled garbage thats been done alot better by other bands. Recommended for angry 12 year old boys only.
One of the Best New Bands of 2000: Disturbed's first CD release just rocks. I heard about the group from a friend and I decided to buy the CD when I saw it at the local OnCue. I was amazed when I listened through the entire CD. The only song I didn't like was Conflict, and that's not cuz it isn't a good song, I just don't really like it. David Draiman(vocals) reminds me a lot of Korn's lead singer, Jonathan Davis, in the way he uses his voice. The band itself has a sound that is completely original. The best songs on the CD, in my opinion, are Down With the Sickness, The Game, Violence Fetish, and Fear.Buy this CD if you are into any kind of hard rock or metal.
rather bland: i had such high hopes for this album, i really did. after hearing "stupify" and "voices" i was convinced that these guys had talent. then i borrowed their album and i was seriously disappointed. "droppin plates" is atrocious, im sorry but its true. they seem to have a pretty good idea of what they want to do but theyve conveyed themselves quite badly by trying to seem "kooky" and "original". their singer makes far too many stupid noises and should be concentrating more on his singing abilities, which (when he gets it right) are very very good.the musicianship seems very 2 dimensional also, i often thought "ive heard that before" quite a few times, especially on "Down With The Sickness".anyway i'll stop slagging this album now and wait for them to come do a show over here, as live the music will probably sound one hell of a lot better.
Sounds good loud: Excellent album that really makes you want to bang your head. If you like hard rock, this is for you.
Not great stuff....: 'The Sickness' has a few catchy sing-a-long songs that can be found all over the radio that, I must admit, made me buy the CD (Down with the Sickness.) The rest of the songs are not great, musically or lyrically; fillers. By far the worst song I've heard in a while has to be "Droppin Plates," which made me roar with laughter. However, I will not say that there are NO good songs on the CD. The one I think with the most talent would be "Numb." The singer can sing fairly well and the guitarits are okay, but the drummer is weak.Basically, those of you who love Limp Bizkit or Drowning Pool or think KoRn is HARD music will think this album is hard, and you may like it. But for people who enjoy awesome bands with REAL musical talent such as Mudvayne, Tool, Crossbreed, Fear Factory, and Rammstein, please don't even think about getting this CD! It is simply very WEAK. Buy Demaufacture or LD 50 instead!!!
DIVING DOWN ...: I've got a warning for you, a naive beginner in terms of Van Halen. Probably you are aware of the "conrtoversy" surrounding whos is ( or was )the best singer in Van Halen. To avoid that kind of controversy, I will give you a list containg an album by each of its singers for you to avoid at all costs:* Gary Cherone - VAN HALEN III * Sammy Hagar - OU812 * Dave Lee Roth- DIVER DOWN.DIVER DOWN is a heartless product, only 29 minutes long, filled with covers, no "chemistry" or idendtity connecting the songs. A real waste of time and money.
Alot better than the other Dizzavid albums, but still sucks: There r 2 good songs on here. If you wanna find a good album by Vizzan Halen, get the third!!!! It has the singer from one of the GRIZZEATEST BANDS EVER: EXTREME! David & Sammy are DONE! You're 15 mins of fizzame are OVER, dudes! Just download the 2 good songs!
VAN HALEN RULZ!!!!: The only reason this album gets four stars and not five, is because it is way too short. Eddie is the greatest hard rock/metal guitar player in the world. His solos continue to make me salivate, and I still think that the only Halen worth listening to is the David Lee Roth era. I love Sammy Hagar to death, and the records that he made with Halen are just great, however Roth just had a sound and swagger that can't be replaced. Even though the band is named after the brothers, he WAS Van Halen! I thouroughly enjoyed this album, and my favs include "Intruder," "Dancing In The Streets," and "Little Guitars,"just to name a few. If you like the inventive and stylish classic rock that is Van Halen, get it. This album does show the cool transition from their self titled album to the path down the road to 1984. A good album for long summer drives, and for parties. This one is a lot of fun!
So What if It's Not Fair Warning or VH I!: This album has taken quite a beating from both critics and fans. The lambasting is undeserved. It is true to say that this is not "Fair Warning" or their debut, but so what! This album has groove, style, and humor. That is the essence of what Van Halen was all about back in their heyday. I highly recommend this recording to anyone.
Dive Down With Rock N' Roll: I honestly don't see how anyone could be disappointed with DIVER DOWN. Released in March, 1982, this release is often overlooked. Ok, so it has a bunch of covers, but they are GREAT covers! The reason for this was that FAIR WARNING didn't sell as well as the previous releases, and Van Halen had to throw something togdther fast. The result is a fun album for all to enjoy. The covers of "Dancing In The Street" and "Pretty Woman" will bring back memories of anyone who grew up with oldies. "Where Have All The Good Times Gone" is another good cover of a Kinks song. "Cathedral" is a pleasant instrumental that might lull you to sleep, and shows that Eddie can do anything with a guitar. "Little Guitars" is a great song that is one of the band's best. "Hang 'Em High" is a fast number that shows Roth's appreciation for Western movies.This album combines hard rock with classic oldies flavor that makes it worth buying. Don't miss out on DIVER DOWN.
Where have all the good times gone?: This is only for die hard fans! With hindsight you might wonder if the band already had decided to break up. The songs are far from the high standard we got used to from albums like "Van Halen I" and Van Halen II", but they do a great version of The Kinks "Where have all the good times gone?". I guess Van Halen asked themselves that question, or at least should have.
top notch album: People seem to either love this album or hate it. Cover songs, yes. As strong as the first couple of records? Maybe not. Still, a really solid record from one of the best rock bands ever. I always like cover songs that add something new to the original song. This is an album full of songs like that, in a variety of genres from R&B to jazz. A great band that played well together recording great songs. I wish there were more albums like this one.
Underrated: When this album was issued it was hated by critics and many fans as well. I guess time has proven them wrong. There's a couple of tracks that are just Roth's silly adventures and should be skipped: happy trails and big bad will. The rest of the album rocks as hard as any other Van Halen album. At the time it was issued, many people were waiting for new songs and complained about the covers. No need to complain now, you can enjoy this album knowing that it contains good covers. You get plenty of Eddie's guitar everywhere, and classics like hang them high, little guitars, full bug. You need this in your VH collection.
Amazing: To date, this is the greatest CD I have EVER purchased, the most amazing thing about this CD is that there isn't only one piece that is absolutly gorgeous, but rather ALL of them are. I continually debate with myself which is the best. Buy this CD you will not regret it
Rhyne still at his peak-: Mel Rhyne is without any competition my favourite B3 player.. he has it all.... deep blues feeling....groove.....interesting refined licks... and he is not stuck in the "blues trap"Still... he seems to be almost forgotten....WHY?????When Mel Rhyne plays it is Mel Rhyne we hear,,,If you do not beleive me BUY THIS CD...and if you beleive me BUY THIS CD.. Amen!!!!!
don't buy this: It worked great for 6 or 7 uses then the brushes stopped turning & while the bearings on each end turned freely the belt wouldn't turn them. So I emailed the company & they told me to go to a Sears repair center to get a new belt & was told to call the company which I did & they told me to go to a Sears repair center. After slamming down the phone I went out & bought a dirt devil hand vac which I should have done in the first place. Not that expensive but still a waste of time & money.
Way too big...: These earrings are way bigger than you would think they are. I don't see how they expect ANYONE to wear these!
missing fast forward control!: i like to record tv shows and FF thru commercials. Unbelievably, this unit can't do that. I took it back immediately. (Most DVDs I like to FF occasionally.) A player that can't FF is like a car w/o accelerator, IMO.
Plays Multi-Region and PAL & NTSC DVD's: Here is a great DVD player if you are looking for one that allows you watch DVD's from ALL regions (just follow the hack codes listed in the first review which takes less than five minutes)! It also converts PAL to NTSC or NTSC to PAL via an internal converter (something many other players do not have) so you do not need a PAL TV (in the USA) or NTSC (Europe). The picture quality is good. It's NOT a high end DVD player with outstanding sound and crisp pictures.I'm now playing Region 2 DVD that I purchased by accident a while back!The remote control is not the best, but gets the job done. However you can get one of those multi-remotes. And don't put other boxes (cable, VCR, etc.) on top as it will overheat and this can cause problems as there are no ventilation holes.If you cannot find one, I'd advise looking online at auction sites for new players.
Great DVD Player: I got information about DVP5140 Philips from my cousin. I like this stuff: inexpensive, thin size, great definition and frendly operated. Thank you. Paul. Pittsburgh, Pennysilvania.
Don't waste your money: I received this one as a gift. When you try to open the tray, it opens and closes very quickly. You have to grab the tray and hold it to remove/insert a DVD/CD. It lasted about 2 years, then it only made a noise when I pushed the eject button. Time for a new DVD player. The picture and sound were fine, but this one never worked right, and didn't last very long.
Not long-lived: I've had this dvd player about 16 months now. I was very impressed with the picture quality and ease of use when it worked, but now it randomly opens, stops and plays on its own. I can't watch movies on it anymore since it opens by itself every 30 seconds or so. A real disappointment!
I agree with Mark Twain: I read opinions before buy this product. At beginning it worked nice. Then a "no disc" message is all it does. I will not buy Philips electronics again.
great dvd player: this model and the one listed for multi region are the same you just have to change the region.
I hate this thing: I bought this because I wanted a player that would play DVDs from whatever region I purchased them (I wanted to buy DVDs in French). Regardless, this DVD player bites for a number of reasons. Turn it on, it takes an extremely long time to load, open, etc. Basically its response time is way below par. I lost the remote recently and that's all the excuse I need - I'm going to buy something else.
Happy: This product is very good and I am happy with my purchase. The delivery was like WOW. It was really fast.
Very touching: This personal account of the holocaust by Elie Wiesel's book is a horrifying story of the Nazi death camps. The author tells the story in a simple manner, yet it is easy for a reader to end up feeling haunted by the accounts in NIGHT. It stirs sadness and profound questions in the bosom of a reader. The lessons from this book about the evil side of fallen human nature and the faith, courage and moral strength to fight the evil must never be forgotten. I recommend this book to any reader interested in the holocaust and the specter of mass killings plaguing the world today.Survival In Auschwitz, Disciples of Fortune, Triple Agent Double, Anatomy of a Nightmare,The Gulag Archipelago are also recommended reads to help have a better understanding of threat humanity faces from the evil ideologies of hate.
Strength beyond......: This book is a testimony to the strength of all humankind. People all-too-often don't know the strength they have to endure everyday life let alone something as terrible as the Holocost.
Man's Search for Meaning: Just a note to the reviewer below, Man's Search For Meaning is a different book entirely--it's by Victor Frankl.
The Holocaust For Real: I have watchd many movies that "hollywoodize" the holocaust and use theatrics to depict what happened. "Night" is the most gripping tale of that horrific event I have read or seen. Kudos to Elie Wiesel for being able to control his emotions to write such a compelling, real-life, emotional story. He richly deserves the Nobel Prize.
Night: This story has been told so many times and this did not add anything new that hasn't been told many times before. I know this was his life, but many people have had this life.
essential to understanding the 20th Century: What marks this book from so many on the annihilation of the Jews in death camps is its brevity. The book is so spare that it is hard to understand the horror without reading it so slowly that you are practically reading it aloud. There are really vivid characters in it, who evolve in just a few paragraphs, a truly masterful encapsulation of lost lives. While there is nothing particularly remarkable about his writing style, Wiesel has created a classic here that will stand the test of time. It is so scary and devastating that I will never forget it.A teacher friend of mine began his class with a close reading of this book, and allowed me to witness the discussion. It moved children of all races to pose questions, both about history and what men are capable of and about themselves and their identities. It was brilliant.Highest recommendation.
Night: I have been reading the books from the Oprah book club for a few years now and usually enjoy them. This one was exceptional!Maybe because it is a true story. It is horrifying, yet hard to put down.Not a real long book, so you can read it cover to cover in a short amount of time.I personal thought it was a great book.
How can a just God allow unjust things to happen?: (OOOOOOOOPS!!! My review has been posted and to my embarrassment I realize that I have made a MISTAKE. I wanted to give the book five stars instead of one. At this stage of editing I am unable to change the incorrect rating. But since I can add to the main body of the text I wanted to at least set the record straight. Sorry for the mistake.)Elie Wiesel is a genius. He makes you feel the horror of hatred. And yet he doesn't leave you in total despair as the book ends.All of us wonder how a just God can allow unjust things to happen on earth. Wiesel doesn't offer simple "bumper sticker" answers. But he does get us thnking.Another book I read this year, "Christmas Gifts, Christmas Voices" by John Allen similarly explores the question of bad things happening to good people.Both books are challenging, and at times so gut-wrenching that they are difficult to read. But they both offer valuable insights.
A book that needs to be read and discussed.: I've read Night before many years ago. This reading was as searing and heart breaking as before. Not only does Elie Wiesel bring his community's days in the ghetto, on the trains and finally in the work camps to life; he shares so intimately his own agony and the suffering of his father,mother, sister and friends. Although the cruelty is horrible to read, his prose is beautiful in its stark reality and it's ability to unite us all as human beings who must be aware of genocide and who must fight against the abuse of human rights everywhere.
Night by Elie Wiese l: I think everyone should read this book. I read alot but few books touched me as this one did. I think that the period of time just a few years prior to my birth in 1946 had events so unbelieveably perpetrated by human beings that they must be revisited often to revalidate that the events were indeed fact and not fiction. The book reaffirms the strength of the human spirit.
Night: I was very moved by this book, I can't say I enjoyed it, due to the subject matter. Once I picked it up, I had to read it straight thru in one sitting. Book was short but really held your interest.
There are no words...: A very difficult read, this story of young man's trip to hell is worth the effort. Elite Wiesel has an amazing ability to speak directly to one's heart.
eye opening: This book should be on every adults list of books to read. This book has put my life in perspective.
Disappointing: I found this novel disappointing, even somewhat offensive. The liberties taken with the lives of Sylvia, Ted, and Assia seemed in poor taste, and much of the "poetic language" of the book was forced and overwritten. I'm as much of a Hughes/Plath fan as anyone, and I enjoy reading biographical and analytical books about their relationship and respective poems, but this quasi-fictional rendition of their lives (especially so soon after Hughes's death) left me uncomfortable; the early sections describing Assia's "coquettish" youth were the most troublesome in this regard. Interested in Sylvia and Ted (the poets)? My advice is to buy Birthday Letters, the new Plath unabridged journals, or Rough Magic instead.
How I hate TTTE: I ate Thomas the Tank ngine, but any junior fans will like this pop-up book.The morality is Victorian - the censorious and vindictive Fat Controller is an example of middle-class Victorian values. The engines (who do all the work) have to obediently kowtow to this toff. The worst of English class values. Outdated. I used to change the stories when I read these aloud. Thank goodness by the time most kids are independent readers they have grown out of Thomas!
Shiloh: I thought Shiloh was a good book. If you like dogs and rescue stories you'll like this book. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes to read.
Mart Preston tries to save Shiloh from Judd Travers.: Shiloh is a dog. He is the main character in the story. His owner, Judd Travers, was very abusive so Shiloh always ran away. One time, when Shiloh ran away, Marty Preston found him. Marty decided to keep him. When Judd finds that Marty has his dog, he takes Shiloh back. From then on, it's a fight for Shiloh. When Marty finds out about Judd's abusive behavior towards Shiloh, he becomes even more determined to take Shiloh for his own. Will Marty be able to save Shiloh from the abusive Judd Travers? Will Shiloh and Marty be able to avoid Judd Travers? Find out by reading this book. I gave it 5 stars for it's action and exciting plot. If you like dogs, this is the book for you.
You Wouldn't Want To Put It Down!!!: Shiloh,By Phyllis Rynolds Naylor.I love this book so will you.It's the best book ever.It's about a dog thats being mistreated and runs away and Marty Presten finds him by the Shiloh Bridge.The dog is a beagle and he names it Shiloh.Then he keeps Shiloh for a long time.What else happens is well you have to read the book.I love this book so much it's the best book theres nothing bad about it.My favorite part is at the end when they keep Shiloh.I also like the part when Marty works so hard for Shiloh.
The book was exciting in every way.: This book is about a dog named Shiloh and a boy named Marty. The story takes place in West Virginia, in the mountains. Marty is worried because he thinks that Shiloh's owner is abusing him. Marty wants to keep Shiloh so that Judd (Shiloh's owner) can not abuse him. I liked this book because I love dogs and I like exciting books in every way. When you read Shiloh, it is like you are there walking around at all the places and Marty is telling you the story.
Shiloh...A Super Story: The book I reviewed is Shiloh by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. I gave this book five stars because it is very happy. This book is about a boy "Marty" that finds a dog and names him Shiloh. One problem in the story is that Judd Travers is a person who treats animals badly and still wants his dog Shiloh back. But Marty also wants Shiloh and will take any risks to get him. I recommend this book to a friend because it is happy. Other books that Naylor writes are The Boys Return and The Bodies In The Bessledorf Hotel.Emerson, NJ; fifth grade student
An amazing book: I loved the book you made. I think Shiloh is an awesome book. Keep writing and I'll keep reading. I love the drama and how marty tries to save shiloh. I cried alittle when Shiloh got hurt by the huge German Sheperd.I think its an emotional terrific book. Shilohs the number 1 book made.
Kate's review of Shiloh: I like this book because of what it's about. This book reminded me of Lady and the Tramp because Lady and Shiloh ran away and found somebody they liked to be with. This story is about a dboy named Marty, his dog named Shiloh and Judd Travers. In his story Marty finds Shiloh and wants to keep him , on the other hand Judd was abusing Shiloh. I think this book is for adults and children of all ages.
A heartwarming story for all ages.: This is the perfect book for any animal lover. The main character's devotion to a stray is something that is very important to share in a time when adoption areas and shelters are desperate to find happy homes for unwanted, unloved animals. Sharing this story with a younger reader will help encourage them to treat animals fairly and older readers will take from it the emotion that comes along with keeping a secret for all the right reasons. Is it right to tell a lie that saves an animal's life? Are there consequences?Well written and perfectly "spoken" by a country boy, this story will touch the heart of anyone who picks it up. It's almost a guarantee that you won't be able to put this book down. It easily deserves the Newbery Medal that it won.
very promising , but delivers little .: Many of these glazes are from other sources , same for clay bodies , but have been altered slightly to be presented anew. No real emphasis on glaze toxicity . Fritting Barium and Lead does not guarantee safety in the finished glazes . It's a case of user be aware . No guidelines for glaze usuage on functional wares or decorative . Is the glaze able stand table use - who knows ? Another in the long line of Artistic Glaze books , Ho Humm.
Don't believe the hype!: I love Spike Lee movies --- "Do the right thing," "The 25th Hour," and "Clockers, but this book by Kaleem Aftab is shallow and meanders to the point of infuriating. At best it's a surface portrait of a complex man and his films. The book is an easy read, but never delves into the complicated world that Lee has created on and off screen.
Great Hammock...Great Price !: I wasn't sure if this hammock would actually hold up to all the great reviews b/c the price is so low compared to all the others. I am glad I bought it. The quality is excellent. It is very soft against the skin. It is big enough to hold myself, my husband, and our children at once. It dries very quickly after a hard rain. I've had it for a little over a week and it's been used quite a bit already. So relaxing!
Inexpensive and cheaply made: I would not recommend this item. The weave is very loose and does not offer much support. I plan to send mine back for a refund.
Never received the product.: I can't even rate this. I never received it after waiting for almost a month. There was no tracking information. I had purchased this for a gift and since it never arrived was extremely disappointed.
I agree--this edition is terrible!: I'm in agreement with other reviewers on the terrible quality of this edition! After reading just a few pages, I was so tired of errors that I gave up and requested a refund. The text is full of partial words, nonsense syllables, word substitutions ("conman" instead of "common," for example) and other mistakes, as well as numerous missing words. I really do want to read this book, but it won't be this edition.
This is one bad cookbook!: I just hate wasting my time trying to make a recipe from a cook book like this. For one thing, the author says things like, "Put batter in a pan." Um, what size pan?? And she makes no recommendations for which sweetener she uses for each recipe. Well, a half cup of raspberry jam used as a sweetener is going to have a whole different taste than a half cup of rice syrup. I have made one recipe from the book and it's a disaster; there was obviously a typo, probably in the amount of flour she says to use. I don't recommend this book to anyone.
what a waste: I chose that rating cause I truly feel that they could've done a better job showing hendrix's visionas an artist of that era. They never delved into his personal feelings about his own music and they also never mentioned how he felt trapped between his Contracts with ppx industries all of his legal problems with his record companies. And the music that wasn't hendrix was terrible.
HORRID!: I recently watched this movie, what a piece of garbage. I thought Wood Harris was plain awful...downright painful to watch as Hendrix. I was sick of his darting tongue and his constant cheezy grinning during the concert scenes. The guitar playing " simulation "was even worse. The real Hendrix was not like this at all!!!. I should have suspected the movie would suck, because no one can cheapen a film like Billy Zane. Once I recognized him behind that huge mustache, I should have stopped watching. I blame this one though, on Wood Harris..he was just terrible.
Admirable !: I love the 9th more than any other Beethoven symphony! Why...listen to the 2nd movement "Molto vivace-Presto-Molto vivace-Presto". The 3rd movement is fantastic as well ! Then, add in the rest of the hair raising music, soloists, and chorus. This is like a four course meal! When this cd is over one is drained as from a day at a theme park.Interestingly, compared to newer renditions, the "Allegro assai vivace. Alta Marcia" falls short big in my opinion! This is the part most of us recognize !I believe works like this caused composers like Mahler to obsess on and try to equal works of Wagner and Beethoven's 9th! Mahler and others forever chase the dragon."The Schutz Choir" sparkled as did "The London Classical Players" led by Norrington! The solo vocalists all earned their pay with adulation. This is a total package with magnificent sound!Good day!
Kindle version is worthless: Because I already own The Red Pocket Book of Spanish Verbs in hardcopy I didn't bother to sample it first. That was a mistake I'll never make again. The hardcopy book is a wonderful and useful reference, but the Kindle version is so poorly formatted that it is virtually unusable. This is an egregious example of a publisher simply converting from paper to electronic format with no thought to the differing requirements of the two media! Trying to look up a single verb is nearly impossible.
Bull Shit: I do not watch television on a schedule, so I miss a lot of programming. It is good that television shows are available on disk now. And it is handy for review later. Penn & Teller use scientific facts to support, or destroy common beliefs and opinions. This is good.
These guys are really funny ;-): So far, I've really loved Seasons 1-2 and while I enjoyed their 3rd Season, I didn't enjoy this quite as much as the other two. They are still funny, but I just wasn't quite as captivated this season around.Here is a list of some of the topics they talk about: Circumcision, Conspiracy Theories, Hair, Gun Control, Signs From Heaven and Life Coaching (to name a few). The one thing I really love about them (apart from being funny), is that they are honest and tell it like it is. You can't watch this and disagree much with them because they more than not, make total sense. I like the fact that they are blunt and yet they don't shove it down your throat; they just say what they've got to say and hope you'll think about it.Give this a go. I think you'll find it as entertaining as I did because you know they are right. I highly recommend this DVD. It's classic.
Poor Quality Siemens: We bought the Siemens 2402 with two receivers and then a another 2.4 GHz Siemens two-line with two receivers. Both systems exhibit the same really bad quality. Conversations are cut off, as though every other word is transmitted. It seems not to be a range problem, because the problem occurs whether we are five feet from the base, or 100 feet. I finally concluded it was just a lousy quality phone system, especially since the same problem occurs in both systems. Siemens has been totally unresponsive, sending me standard, unhelpful responses to my inquiries.
Scratched disks: Several disks were scratched to the point of missing several chapters. I understand this was a used set but still expect to be able to listen to it all.
This sucks: I have read this series and was bitterly disappionted. It is so disjointed (he wrote it over two decades).anyone who writes themself in as a god like character has real ego problems.He put off writing these series of books for so long because he had no idea of where the story was going.Basically he had a killer opening he thought of when he was 19."The man in black fled across the desert, the gunslinger followed"that's the only good bit in this series of books.Don't buy it you will be disappointed.
Awesome!!!: Having read every word Stephen King ever published, and having waited with no small measure of impatience for this new installment to publish, I was extremely satisfied with Book V. I like the addition of Callahan and look forward to what happens to our Ka-TET in "Susannah". My only gripe (and it's a small one) is that the fight with the Wolves seemed to be too easy and over too quickly for something that has terrorized the Calla for so long. But that doesn't take away from a truly great story that leaves you wishing it was next year already and Book VI was out.
Who hired the illustrator?: The book itself is amazing just like King's previous installments to this series. One thing, however, depreciates the value of this book and that's the illustrations. The man who drew the pictures for this book is untalented to say the least. Almost none of the illustrations even come close to verifying the text on the page. Those with any sort of imagination would find it insulting to find such pictures used as a representation of the plot. Dear Stephen, pay more attention when choosing who will depict your stories next time. The woman on the cover of the book jacket is a black woman with "tight curls" in the story, yet in the pictures she looks more like a Native American. Go back to comic books Wrightson.
Hooked again: "Buick 8" left a lot to be desired, but it only took a few pages to realize that King is back on the beam. Western references abound, go grab those DVD's and see where all this came from. Can't wait for the finish.
Important to the Series - but Long..: I won't dissect the installment since many others have done excellent jobs of that here, but I will say that while I enjoyed this installment, it did feel a bit long.Some have complained about the loose ends that were not tied up here but given the nature of this series, it should be clear that loose ends created in one book will probably be addressed in latter installments.That said, I could have done without the addition of Fr. Callahan as I felt his back story and connection to Salem's Lot just didn't feel important. I've never been a fan of vampire stories and so that just accentuated my dislike for the long time spent on Callahan.Taken as a part of the greater story arc, it was satisfying and it compelled me to carry on to the last book.
A Detour: Volume Five of the Dark Tower series is good, and King's writing is its usual best, but the story is a bit predictable and the reader gets a little tired of hearing the irritating vernacular of the Calla townsfolk ("may it do ya fine" and "thankee-sai" get old after awhile). Still, the ending is another cliffhanger, and some strange incidents make the reader wonder if King will be able to pull the whole thing off. The wait until the next volume will be a long one, I know that for sure.
Steve needs an editor more than ever: Unlike the original which is tense, short and filled with mystery and the promise of great things to come, "Wolves" is long, wandering, and offers little dramatic tension. Though it doesn't really advance the story much I found myself enjoying it anyway beause Roland and MidWorld are cool. The priest is a good characters aswell and there are a few nice bits that are reminisant of Steve's short stories. Definitly don't blow $5o on this, get it from the library.
Amazing reading: I love Stephen King books, I have waited until now to read all of the Dark Tower series because I didn't want to read them out of order or years apart. I am so glad that I did. The were phenomenal, this is definitely some of Stephen King's best writing.
Be prepared to stay up all night to finish the book!: I have been reading SK books since the early 80's. I have read almost every book he has written.This one is one of the best written in the Dark Tower series. Fast paced and suspenseful.
Best Songs i ever heard: Man i tell ya when i went to germany and i heard these songs........Let's jut say Nobody offers better Dance/Techno music out there......These people are just cray......The beats and the songs just make your body crave for more........
One of the great movie scores ever released.: Quite literally one of the greatest movie scores ever composed.Great job Danna & Egoyan.Sevag
the book is really one that every woman should have.//////: I have read many of Miriam stoppards books,and i think they are the best written books i have ever read, the only sad part is that I am in India, and we can only buy limited,ones.., I would love to read all the titles.
Repetitive, corny, and saccharine: Focuses too much on outdated gender issues. As a professional woman nearing 30, I'm not fighting for a piece of the pie run by good old boys who want to keep me down, I'm trying to overcome inclinations to be passive - with women, men, even just with myself - and learn techniques for communicating directly and clearly instead of trying to handle everything all the time or try to make everyone else's life easier at the expense of my own. This book is not helpful to someone like me. It's also very repetitive, and too much loves its own branding, rubbing the reader's nose in what "Civilized Assertiveness" means, seemingly as an attempt at product marketing. I just want some straight tools, tips, exercises for making changes, and this book is not that.
A remarkable, moving tale: This is, without a doubt, one of the best books I've read in my 42, book-filled years. Although it was a little hard to read the last few pages through the strange veil of water that seemed to fill my eyes, I simply cannot recommend this story highly enough. We could all learn a lot from Mrs. Chippy, an Explorer like no other.
STAY AWAY FROM Maxtor Diamond Max Plus 40 GB: Stay away from this hard drive. Lasted less than 10 months. Western Digital apparently is better. I have read many negative reviews about this after I purchased it.
Maxtor 40 GB... Easy to install... Easy to use: When I bought my computer three years ago, I got a 10 GB hard drive and thought that would be enough for a long time. Man, was I WRONG! After loading software after software, I discovered I was almost maxed out on my hard drive and I needed more! I began checking different makers and their hard drives. It seemed that every time I ran across an article about the Maxtor, the reviewer gave a glowing endorsement of this drive. So, I decided to try it. I got the drive in and began reading the manual. Simple to follow, answered all my questions. The diagrams and pictures were very helpful. It took me about 30 minutes to complete the installation and software installation. Now I have a computer with TOO MUCH hard drive! But, I can live with that!! Now, if only someone can produce an automobile this easy to use and maintain!
review of company GEMWORKS!!!!!!: i still haven't recieved the product.i found out although i ordered it on 2/12----they DID NOT mail it until 2/26!!!!!!!!i am very VERY UNHAPPY with GEMWORKS COMPANY!!!!!!!i resolve never to do business w/ them again!!!!too bad they are connected w/ AMAZON.com because i have been pleased w/ amazon so far. i hope you let gemworks know about this as i was unable to get thru to them despite 4 e-mails!!!!!!!!!!thankyou-jan
Horrible Product: I got this in the mail a couple days ago. It wouldn't let any water out at first so I figured I had to play with it a bit to get it to work. So some water comes out and I put it in Midnight, my dwarf hamster's cage and don't check on the bottle. Tonight I found out that she hasn't been drinking since she got it. I took it out, trid to figure it outm and eventually put it back and got a little bin of water. When I came back into the room with the small dish, she was going crazy trying to get water out of the bottle.This may have worked for some people, but it was absolutely useless and made Mid not have ANY water. Not to mention made me feel like a parent neglecting her child.The only reason I even realized it was because I didn't recall hearing her lapping at the metal ball at the end. If I hadn't have checked, who knows what could have happened.If you were planning on buying this for a non-leak bottle then I suggest just cleaning up extra wet pieces of bedding.
Fascinating!: This book is great! The whole time you want to know more, or why, or how! It is very funny and just exiting the whole time! I really recomend it because it is also very romantic, and mysterious. If you love the avon true romances, this could be one of the best!!
One of my all-time top ten: When I was a senior in high school in the fall of 1980, one of my teachers turned me on to this album. Since then, I've had it on album, cassette (twice), and I even think that I once had it on 8-track. I currently have a CD, and it is one of my favorites. I like every song on it (although Trouble Ahead is my least favorite).I'm honestly surprised that some other artist has not taken "I Need You Bad" and released it as a single.I would recommend it to anyone.
MSN direct shut down...DO NOT BUY!: MSN Diect, the service that provided the weather data to this device, was shut down in Jan 2012.. This device will no longer get weather forecast; it will only give temperature and other limited info. Useless. Very deceitful that this product is still sold.
The Perfect Album: This is simply a wonderful CD. Every track is amazing. Patti's voice is mixed beautifully with an ideal blend of instrumentation. Truly an original offering. Deeply mesmerizing lyrics and melodies. You won't be disappointed with this one!
New to philosophy: I read this book last semester in my Philosophy 100 class. I thought it was probably the most influential to me because I seem to share a lot of views with Fromm and he can be easier to read than I thought Nietzche was. Very interesting, if you want to read some philosophy and make sense of it, I would recommend this one.
Useful and fun to build: A nice unit for the hobbyist electronic, I've used it many times on my breadboard for testing purposes. It was another fun and simple kit to build.
Try the I.R.S import "The Best of R.E.M.": I noticed all the complaints on sound. So my 5-star rating is really for an import, "The Best of R.E.M." With 16 songs the songlist is representative of R.E.M.'s early years, though there are no rarities on it. It starts with "Chronic Town," then proceeds with 3 songs from each album chronologically from "Murmur" through "Document." The sound quality is fine, although a little lower than most newer CDs, so you have to turn it up a little. Here's the excellent song selection:Carnival of SortsRadio Free EuropePerfect CircleTalk About the PassionSo. Central Rain(Don't Go Back To) RockvillePretty PersuasionGreen Grow the RushesCan't Get There From HereDriver 8Fall on MeI BelieveCuyahogaThe One I LoveFinest WorksongIt's the End of the Worlds As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)
Why good music disappear...: Today's HNIA is like a different band, a different Warren, tho I don't ever want it to be the same, but seems like the essence and the pure energy of the band/music has drifted elsewhere... I miss Karen as well. Tho I think the magic of HNIA has gone, but I still can never ever get enough of the first 4 cds... especially Home Is In Your Head.
The Creation of the World: A mixture of George Gershwin and Brazilian classical music directed by one of the great symphony maestros of the 20th century. Sounds classical but more in line with Aaron Copland's ability to take folk music and give it a big sound rather than the atonal qualities of most modern composers.
One of the Best Collections of English Madrigals: Any fan of the King's Singers will regret not having this album in their collection.This album offers a veritable feast of the choicest English madrigals found on any comparable album. From the obligatory "Now is the Month of Maying" and "Fair Phyllis" to the more obscure "Tan ta ra, cries Mars," there is certainly enough on this album to bring a smile to lovers of Renaissance music - and a spark of recognition to anyone who sang traditional madrigals in high school or university. For serious students of early music, this album comes very highly recommended.Among the more sonorous offerings on this album, Jones' "Farewell, Dear Love" and Dowland's "Come Again," cannot be ignored. Nor can Bennet's immortal "Weep O mine eyes" be matched more musically than here by the King's Singers.This album has been played again and again for almost 6 years as both serious listening and background working music. And it has yet to lose its delight.
what is this: not total body purge for sure.bought 2 from one shiper and 2 from another possitively not product shown 4 bottels say so.doent look grape-e-power to me in the picture.
A farrago of quotations, linked by a tissue of exposition: In fact, I bought this book on recommendation, thinking that it actually was a book of quotations. The quotes are interesting, mostly, but the heavy use of them as padding ill-commends the author's authority to write on these subjects.
Great for young readers!: The Star Sisterz series has been the redemption of my daughter's reading habits. She refused to read for a long time until I gave her the first book Nova Rocks. She devoured the entire series in just under two weeks. This is nothing short of a miracle for the girl that hates to read. I've read the books too and found them to be filled with fun humor, interesting characters, and a nice little surprise at the end. Definately worth five stars.
Nice size, decent price, impossible to configure: I consider myself extremely capable on computers, and have installed many harddrives, yet I find this drive and the included MaxBlast software the most difficult thing I have ever encountered. I had a problem installing Windows 98 and NT numerous times, and found the software extremely hard to work with, since it is required to utilize all 15 gig, or else I would have used FDISK and FORMAT. Anyway, only buy this if you are extremely confident and have the number of your favorite Computer Technician handy.
wont last more than a week: I was SO HAPPY when these recorders arrived because they are simply gorgeous!!! However- unless you plan on putting them on display in a glass case- dont bother buying this. the paint chipped off immediately after after the kids began using them. The next day, the recorder came apart into 3 pieces. after the kids dropped the instrument a few times, the wood split in various places and the 3 pieces would not fit securely anymore. a total disappointment.
master links: This is a broad collection of Link Wray at his best. Most of it is instrumentals, his srongest points really. Plenty of twang and rockabilly. I like this album because when they remastered it they left in the background studio chat and false starts-which I find to be interesting. There are a few covers toward the end of the album including a Ray Charles song. I listen to this CD over and over-and don't tire of it. If they would have included 'Rumble' I would have given this CD a 5 star rating.
Mini-skirts are not appropriate for this era: I love to watch the Barbie movies with my 4 year old grand-daughter, and usually we both enjoy them very much. But, it was all I could do to keep my mouth shut during this movie. The incongruities were well over her head, and why should I ruin the story for her with reality. But really, girls riding horses with mini-skirts! I know, kittens don't carry swords either, and girl-power is all the p.c. rage but I wish I had rented the film instead of buying it. We will not watch it again.
One of my Grand-Darlings' favorites: It's nice to see Barbie still thriving and in this case, a spirited heroine. Our little girls love this story as well as the animation and beautiful colors. I think we'll be watching this story for a long time to come.
unavailable: I ordered the item and was sent back a message a few days later that the item was unavailable. I was refunded and I ordered a different product.
cute!: Purchased for my daughter who loves Barbie DVD's. Would recommend for all little girls who love a good story with happy endings! A great birthday gift for sure!
weird sizing: Small sizing. Also, it was weird that the outfit was so small but the helmet was huge. It was a cute costume, but there is nothing inside the helmet to keep it on so my son didn't even wear it.
Sunny Days: I remember as a youg musician exploring different avenues of musical expression, my english teacher introduced us to various forms of Jazz. It is one of the best early days of music where people played 'real' instruments. Played thier musical imagination and opened new highways. If you're overloaded with the electronic information highway take your special someone explore some private quality time and plug this album in. Your heart will dance and you will be young again.
Total Ripoff!!: I agree with mcrazi8 from Washington's review. I received a call on behalf of my long distance carrier promoting the model 242 2.4 ghz cordless phone. It was hard getting used to my own voice blasting in my ear as I talked as well as the discomfort of the hot battery which ran down very quickly. After about 2 months, my display looked like the dislpay on a calculator that had malfunctioned, with unreadable, and mutated number symbols which finally disappeared all-together. Now it will not hold a charge and I have the same problems attempting to find a replacement battery. 200+ $ later, I'm a very angry customer.
Hey--The Emporer has No Clothes: The best thing that can be said about this album is that it will probably be his last. I am a huge Beatles fan, and a huge George fan, but he has not had a really good album since 33 1/3,which was over 25 years ago.Perhaps the only thing worse for George's music than discovering Eastern religion was discovering slide guitar. And Ukulele. And Jeff Lynne. I tried to like this but can't. This album is the personification of all that is the WORST of George Harrison's music. When He sings God God God I'm crying Damn Damn Damn. Comparing this to Traveling Willburys is not necessarily a compliment.But you know, none of the Beatles has released a decent solo album since John Lennon died. Give me All Things Must Pass. Or better yet, compare this dog with Living in the Material World. Just as preachy, but far more entertaining. If you want to hear GOOD George Harrison, buy the three albums I mentioned here.
A must for the Harrison completist: This special edition of the final George Harrison album is a must for the artist's fans. The DVD--while a bit on the short side--shows exclusive interviews with the reclusive ex-Beatle, son Dhani, and producer Jeff Lynne. Clips of live performances and George's talking about life, faith, and music make the DVD a welcome addition to any fan's library.Included also in the attractive black case are the album (of course), a small poster with the album cover on one side and a black-and-white of George on the other, a vinyl stiker of the Dark Horse records logo, and a guitar pick stamped with George's signature.If you are a major fan of George Harrison, you may want to pick up this special edition of his final album. Otherwise, the CD itself is more affordable.
SWEEEET!!!: Not a day goes by that I do not listen to this album. Don't think I will ever tire of this music. It is uplifting, moving, witty & wry. If some of this music does not move you, then no music ever will.
Saved his Best for Last: This album is a must for all Harrison fans, and deserves a listen even by those who are not. His talent and spirituality are up front in the music and lyrics, which are mostly explorations of Harrison's feelings about life and God, with a few surprises in the form of more whimsical offerings like "The Devil and the Deep Blue Sea", and the bluesy "Rocking Chair in Hawaii", which point to his versatility as an artist. The chant performed by Harrison and Dhani, his son, at the end of the title track is especially poignant. The album released posthumosly and finished by Jeff Lynne and Dhani is a testament to a musician and man who was much loved by his family, friends, and fans.
A Final Gift from Beatle George: Its too bad that George took so much time off from making music in the last years of his life. This is such a good group of songs, and Jeff Lynn didn't do his usual over production ELO thing with this CD.Buy this CD, you'll enjoy it. If you ever enjoyed George's music you won't be disappointed with this one. This is better than his last 4 albums combined.
Part Nick Drake, Part tiny Tim,part Angel: This is one of the more unusual releses' I have heard in quite some time. On OH ME OH MY...Barnhart does not seem to be making a pretentious statement, rather stripped down, he's getting to the essence of his sound.Bare guitar chords, and a eeirly beautiful voice combine to make some of the more haunting sounds I have heard in quite some time. The Charles c leary is gorgeous,as is cosmos and Demos and a gentle soul.Other songs sing the praises of friends teeth and ears. many of the cuts are a minute or two in length,and the bare bones prduction sounds are intentional,and add to the overall effect, which ranges from soft to off the wall. If Devendra Barnhart can keep his voice and vision, this is the genesisof a great artist.Either way, this is a terrific album.
Bogus: There is nothing going on here. This guy is hero to the art school crowd. But listening to his precious conceits is boring. Having just seen him perform in David Byrne's review of contemporary hippie-wannabes, I am even less impressed. He's a caricature of an aesthetic aspired to by kids who had no idea what was going on the first time this sort of thing went around. Imagine preferring Donovan Leitch to Jimi Hendrix and you about have it. Don't waste your money, his haircut not withstanding....
Monkees #2??: What can I say?I grew up watching this show, reruns sure but this cd has some great stuff!"SHE" is the best! How this song has never been covered is beyond me. Why?Special edition has some great out-takes.Monkees were cool. deal.
Doesn't Make the Grade; Not a Bang - Just a Whimper: When Mr. Burnside first got this book published back in 1999, it was probably the best book on the subject, and helpful to consumers. The truth is, though, it is embarrassing by almost any standard today. The editing is non-existent, and that just shows the lack of thought that went into this. It was thrown together, and omits more than it conveys. There are far better choices now; most notably Wes Johnson's "The Manufactured Home Buyer's Handbook" that just came out. The latter is an outstanding book, well-researched, far more thorough, and much easier to read. It will also save you more money than any other book on the subject that I've read. If you're thinking about buying a manufactured home, do yourself a favor and buy "The Manufactured Home Buyer's Handbook" instead. You'll be glad you did before the ink on the contract dries!
The book: An excellent discussion on theoretical and practical uses of serum protein electrophoresis.
View it as a series of B-sides and it's worth a quick listen: Yes, I know this is a hated disc but it's not THAT bad really. The production lets it down, sounds like it was recorded in a garage with some of the bass riffs crackling horribly. Not much chance of this getting a digital remastering I think! If you view it as a series of b-sides or previously unreleased material it's ok. NOT worth buying at full price though. Go for a used copy. Chances are it hasn't been used all that much! Ghastly album cover too. Just truly bad. Looks like it was slapped together by a student. It does the album no favours at all.
Esto no es salsa...........................: La musica de Victor Manuelle es floja y no se puede clasificar como Salsa. En realidad es un sonsonete recyclado en cada disco. Como Boricua e instructor de baile de salsa puedo decir que las personas se frustran tratando de bailar salsa con la musica de Victor Manuelle. Les digo que si quieren escuchar y bailar buena Salsa escogan la musica de la Sonora Poncena, Willie Rosario y El Gran Combo entre otros..........Eso si es musica de verdad y Salsa Boricua...........
Couldn't finish: Characters are flat, unlikable. Not one had any redeeming qualities. The plot makes no sense. There is no plausable explanation for the protagonist's radical change in worldview. Unlike JG's other works, there was no suspense, drama. I kept reading, hoping that eventually it would pick up. After getting about 3/4 of the way through, I found that it never improved.
Boring as it gets: This book was just plain boring. I really liked Grisham's older work, and even more recently The Brethern. But this book was so unexciting. I didn't even look forward to where I left off. I think I'm finished with Grisham.
The King of Torts: The story just seemed to go no where. Just about a lawyer who took an underhanded deal to make a lot of money and just kept on doing the same thing when other opportunties came along while missing his girl friend the whole time inspirt of the honey on his arm. Of course he lost all the money, never helped out the little community that he broke the biggest employer in and after getting beat up won the old girlfriend back and headed to the islands with some money his over paid employees gave him. John's run out of good lawyer stories.
No Real Insight into the Legal World but a Fun Read!: I enjoyed reading this book although I was hoping for something more. As an aspiring lawyer, I was hoping for a captivating insight into tort law and the life of a mass media ambulance chaser. However, I found this installment of Grisham's legal series to be a lot like watching reality tv (All entertainment, no substance). The story had all the drama and romance a popular novel enthuiast could ask for and I found the story line to be a page turner. I would recommend this book for the person who likes a good drama and cares little about the legal field.
Big Disappointment: Unless you want to learn about mass tort law, skip this book. It's boring. The main character isn't even likeable! A great disappointment and waste of money.
Bad: I really liked the way this novel started out, but a proper PLOT didn't really develop as I'd hoped. It read more like a biography, where a series of incidents occur--dramatic ones, admittedly--but with nothing that made me turn the pages once I realized it was "follow a lawyer's zaney career." Stuff just kind of happens to the protagonist, with nothing for him to resolve. He makes moral adjustments, but basically because HE HAS NO CHOICE.
Not the best Grisham, but certainly not the worst: just finished it today, and it was a good read. my all time favorite grisham is the testament, and this is not nearly that good. but it's better by far than the brethren or painted house or the summons. i kept reading just to find out what was going to happen to clay: you know that he's going to have a crisis strike, but you can't imagine which of his problems is going to be his downfall. he seems like a good guy who gets caught up in his desire to be wealthy.so, your basic grisham book. worth the time if you enjoy him, but not his best.
Different from the average Grisham novel.....in a good way!: King of Torts is a little different then the "average" Grisham novel. In a good way. While I love novels like The Firm, The Street Lawyer, The Partner; at the same token, something a bit different is good. Keeps things fresh. Because, who wants to keep reading the same sorts of stories, over and over again?This book, obviously, is about the tort system. Not being familiar with torts, I found the book enlightening and interesting. I read it in a week, it was a quick, fun read. Honestly, I read it quickly because I was enjoying it and wondering where it would go, how it would end. Albiet, the ending wasn't a complete surprise, there were surprises along the way which kept things interesting.While not the best Grisham novel, nor the most suspenseful, I think King of Torts is worth the read.
king of torts: This is an excellent book. It was very realistic and believable. I highly recommend it.
Terrible, boring, don't waste your time!: I have read many of John Grisham's novels and they all have two things in common: very weak character development and the fact the ending is always the same [to escape to a far away land!]. This novel is no different. It is a rather simplistic story of a young guy who gets corrupted by money and then crashes. That's it, that's your story... This is no "thriller." There is no "hidden conspiracy" [what the back of the book suggests]. There is no "suspense." There is also no real depth to any of the characters, or the story itself. It's all very typical Grisham simplistic stuff. Don't waste your time with Grisham. If you want a courtroom thriller read Reed's The Choice, Steve Martini's Compelling Evidence, or Irving's Trial. If you want to read a good author at creating suspense read Michael Crichton.
Grisham Off-Peak: This book has the appearance of being churned out quickly, with perhaps Grisham's deserved high status causing fear among editors who would normally improve any author's text.The book's intention is apparently a lesson in ethics and greed, and to the extent that watching the hero/anti-hero rise and fall will make readers think, it is an enjoyable surprise.But readers who care about tight, detailed writing will gnash teeth in frustration. There are also too many improbabilities and questiones left unanswered.
Where's the climax?: I started reading this book and liked it very much. Then it ended. With all the build up and the foreshadowing I thought that the climax of the book would be great, but it just wasn't there. The writing is good and the characters are good, but when I was finished with the book I wondered why I had wasted my time on the story.
disappointed: I think Grisham has lost his edge. If this was supposed to be a thriller,comparable to his early work, it fell short. I kept thinking that any moment there would be a surprise twist or something to make it a Grisham worthy read. There is no depth to the characters, the plot was predictable and kind of boring. As others have mentioned, greedy lawyers are kind of a given in tort law, no? I am glad I borrowed this from a friend instead of purchasing it. I have really enjoyed The Firm, The Pelican Brief, Backstreet Lawyer, even the Summons and the Testament. This one - not so much.
Worst Grisham to date: This has to be the worst story line Grisham has put into the public domain yet. I have read all his previous books and keenly anticipated another legal thriller but I could not actually bring myself to finish it.What multinational firm in their right mind would go out of their way to find, inform, compensate and then demand confidentiality of seven poor underprivileged familes that had no idea they were wronged and even if they ever did would never ever be able to prove it.An artificial set of circumstances and assumptions that have no basis what so ever in reality.There is a certain contempt of the reader in the stupidty of this story line.Sorry, just no good enough!
Grisham Falls Flat on His Face: I am a big Grisham fan and have read all of his books except the 2 that he wrote recently which were not lawyer based. After his first 4 books Grisham was by far my favorite author but he seems to be no longer giving a good effort.King of Torts starts out OK with some promise but the last two thirds of the book is very mediocre, predictable and did not seem to have much real thought put into it.Grisham seems to be writing just to make money and has lost his ingenious imagination. He still is a very good writer but it seems like he is going through the motions.Let's hope he rolls up his sleeves and uses his excellent mind to create some more great books in the future but King of Torts is not one of them. For me it is very mediocre to poor.
What do you mean? This is Ralph at his Best!: Just to clear things up, YES, this whole cd is Ralph Stanley. He does have a lead singer (Ernie Thacker on this one) who sings many of the songs with Ralph doing the tenor. But like all other "Ralph" albums, the lead singer does most of the singing and Ralph sings tenor, with the exception of two or three songs, which are sung completely by Ralph.This album was recorded in 1993, and if you like Ralph Stanley and the Clinch Mountain Boys, this album will be perfect for your holiday season! Enjoy.Alex, 16.
Favorite Disney Movie: This movie is one of the all time great Disney classics ever made, a real family favorite for young and old alike.
Not a true BD: The transfer is not that good. The aspect ratio is SD with bars on the sides. Total ripoff.
Child's movie: this was a purchase for my toddler, who seems very happy with this movie, and watches it repeatedly.
Excellent: I purchased this DVD for my 16 year old daughter who loves Disney's classics. She enjoys viewing it by herself or with others. Its great to still have some of the old classics presented through modern technology.
SCARY! SCARY! SCARY!: I have to admit that I was REALLY scared of this wovie. I actually had to leave the room ( since that was my first time watching it.) The witch ( whoever she was?) Was REALLY frightening. I was SOOOOOscared that I had to sleep with the covers over my head.
what is this????: This Disney movie was rather terrible! I thought Snow White's voice was quite annoying. It has some things outdated. It doesn't compare to my favourites: Cinderella, The Little Mermaid, and Beauty and the Beast. Sigh... And the poisonous apple wasn't supposed to be called the poison apple! its supposed to be a magic apple. A magic apple sounds charming. A poison apple sounds like a turpentine-soaked fruit! I can't believe I wasted my money on this piece of junk!
Can not get it to play.: I loved Snow White and was so excited to get this movie in Blue Ray and see how great it looks and it won't play. We have done the updates and still nothing. I am very sad.
Not Happy: The delivery was VERY fast. We got the DVD about a week before they expected. However, it was NOT "new". There were no security sealings on the case which leads me to assume that it was opened. The wrapping on the case was not the original wrapping that comes on DVDs. It was a shrink wrap just like the kind we use at our college bookstore to wrap bundled textbooks. THEN, when we watched the movie, it constantly had a black box in the corner with a video camera picture in it. The box that usually comes on when you've copied from a DVD incorrectly. This was NOT a satisfying purchase. Be VERY careful when ordering this DVD.
Absolutely Stunning!: Video - 5 out of 5Audio - 5 out of 5I can't put into words how amazing the blu-ray version of this film looks!!!
One of disney's best films !: Get a hobby whoever said that they were the only one who hated snow white and you you head over heels you best go head over heels for this movie ! This is disney's 3rd best !Bottom line ?This is one heck of a movie !
Eh-So SO: The DVD worked well, and the cover was good but it did not include the slip cover (which I really wanted). The fact that this was missing should have been included in the description.
bluray packaged as dvd: i was really disapointed with this product. i bought it because it was a 2 disk dvd with bonus bluray disc. but that was not so. it is a 2 disc bluray with 1 dvd packaged in the dvd packageing
one of the best classic movies of all time: Every parents should have this movie in their collections for their kids. A classic story of prince charming coming to the rescue to save the lovely snow white.
A Disturbing Little Book: You've heard stories referred to as a "Psychological Thriller." This is "Philosophical Horror." It's well written, nicely paced, and very quirky. It reminds me of some of H. P. Lovecraft's more subtle pieces in ways that are hard to explain.Be warned that the book has some very strong language, some disturbing imagery, and something to offend almost everyone. On the other hand, the author has a gift for saying things in a way that feels more blunt than malicious.My biggest complaint is the quality of the printing, which seems a bit blurry or pixilated on alternate pages. It's still perfectly readable, just a bit annoying. I'm not sure if this is a problem with every copy, or just mine.
Zebra to Elephant...: Give me a break! The title is offensive. Who would want to read a book with such a title? Certainly not this introvert. Maybe one of those stripe changing zebras? I'm an introvert, I'll never be an extravert, could never be an extrovert, and would never want to be an extrovert. The author (and his editor) obviously do not understand what an introvert or an extrovert is.
where is the gate?: some see this as the beginning of the end of swedish death metal. some see it as the beginning AND the end. its all here: the crunch, the melodies and the insane, tortured shriekings. there is an unspeakable and irresistable force to this music. it'll sink its hooks into you and drag you screaming into the Pit. it's no "Reign in Blood," nor is it "Left-hand Path." It's not even "Beneath the Remains" but that you can reasonably compare it to those albums already says something (I think).
The best series I have ever read!: Margaret Weiss' best work was done in this series. Never before have I ever felt any kind of emotion or related to the characters in a novel as I did with the Star of the Gaurdians series. The emotional ups and downs and the care given to bring out the personalities of the characters actually make you feel as though you are there. This series blows Star Wars away.
great: This film, while not Hitchcock's best, is far from his worst. The plot moves along at a nice even pace. Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman give marvelous performances as usual, but to me the gem of this movie is Claude Rains. The man is excellent in his Nazi role. He plays Sebastian as subdued but dangerous, controlling but easily manipulated by everyone.The last scene is simply thrilling and is worth watching the whole movie for that long walk down the stairs. Watch for the signature cameo and the shot of Grant seen from an angle in the doorway with the light behind him. Oh, so very Hitchcockian.Oh, if you happen to get the video with the trailer on it, I suggest not watching the trailer. There is a clip in it from the last ten minutes of the film. Not a shot, a full clip. Too much was given away in my opinion.
One of the Master's best: This could be Hitchcock's greatest film, but he made so many great ones that it's hard to separate the top five or so. It probably hasn't received the acclaim it deserves, because it was filmed in non-widescreen black and white. But the cinematographic techniques, especially involving shadowing, are excellent. Awesome casting and great performances, especially by Claude Rains, who is one of the most prolific supporting actors of all time (see Casablanca, for example). But the real treat is the wonderful mixture of intrigue and romance, which was Hitchcock's trademark. He once said that he didn't make murder mysteries, but rather love stories. This is a classic example. If you think you know Hitchcock, but haven't seen this film, you're in for a fantastic experience. And the final scene is unforgettable.
The best: Along with Rear Window, this is my favorite Hitchcock. Grant and Bergman are dazzling, as are Claude Raines, Ouspenskaya and the whole (frightening Nazi) cast.
Great romance and espionage story: An American spy, Mr. Devlin, and the daughter of a former German spy, Alicia Hubermann, go to Rio in Brazil to investigate a neo-Nazi organization. They fall in love, but their feelings for each other are jeopardized as the woman must marry a member of the organization to be an effective informant. Things get more complicated when the husband finds out that he's married to an American spy. When Alicia's life is at risk, Devlin must risk everything gained by American espionage to save Alicia Hubermann. This is one of Hitchcock's best movies in the forties.
tyson in the ring: I've just recently purchased 'Tyson' DVD (the James toback movie)but of all the Tyson videos/Bio's out there, I must say this is probably the best pure boxing one. The fights/training footage from the catskill years on this video is something you won't find as much anywhere else. Although it is now dated but for any Tyson/boxing fan it doesn't really matter as the post late 80's/pre 90's Tyson became just a shell of his former glory self.
Disappointing: So, what's the "blonde myth"? What are its "roots" in "our culture"? Don't ask Natalia Ilyin; she doesn't know or care. This book is straight-up memoir, with occasional citation-free references to ancient mythology and pop psychology. Most chapters center around listing characteristics of blonde archetypes (eg., the innocent, the warm, the "crazy"), and when Ilyin gives real-world examples, it's to describe how various celebrities don't quite fit. Well, obviously; women are people, not archetypes, but where did these archetypes come from, and why do they persevere? The author never gets there. In fact, Blonde Like Me rarely gets past the word Go on any idea and repeatedly assumes all its readers are straight, cis, and marriage-minded. Race is only discussed on one page, and with a title like that, this seems particularly irresponsible.
A good primer for the topic at hand: I was really hoping for a more detailed time line of the events leading upto the ENIGMA and what eventually lead to the first commercial computers during the late 50s and mid 60s. The author spent a great deal of time detailing the mathematical advances and controversies that spurred the technological advances we see today. Overall the book was mildly interesting, but probably not for the average reader. On the other end of the spectrum it was too much of a primer for anyone with some historical knowledge of mathematics and its part in developing computers.
still yawning...: Ledisi is less than average...there, it had to be said! if hating on this album is wrong, then i'ma be wrong. being a good poet doesn't always equate to being a good recording artist. she is definitely different than anything else being offered out there now, and i'll always give an artist props for originality, but i'm just jaded and expect more for my money. this just doesn't move me, sorry.
Soulsinger: My brother was in Oakland,CA in Jan.2003. He called meto tell me of an artist's CD he has fallen in love with.When I heard it, I knew what he meant. I'm loving the whole CD. There are few artists that I can say, I love the entire CD wellthis is one.I'm from Philly,PA and no one has heard of her.But I am putting the word out there cause Ledisi is hot!!!!!I am a fan for life.
Nice concept, poor quality: Siemens had a good concept with the 2415, but the audio quality is poor. The hissing/buzzing sound was very irratable and could not be eliminated, regardless of how many times the phone was deregistered or unplugged.No indication on the base station of the number of messages was a minor inconvenience. Don't try to prop the phone between your ear and shoulder unless you have a massage therapist on retainer.Battery life is no where near the specifications. Although the idea of being able to replace the batteries with standard rechargeables is attractive, having only two AAs for power is probably the reason by the talktime is limited (most other cordless have three custom batteries).Overall, I would stay away from this phone; I replaced it with the Panasonic 2570B; so far so good.
Keep the headset, throw away the base: If you haven't noticed this phone as a whole [...stinks], however the headset is good and works well with the working base stations. So get this one, and chunk the base, and you have a cheap replacement head set. Oh be sure to replace the NiCd batteries with NiMH ones. The same headset alone costs $149, this is the same one but only cost $49.99.
Not compatible with Toshiba E740: I bought the card because it said that it is compatible with PDA.I first had some troubles with transfer large files. Then had trouble with backup(back-up) of the Toshiba E740 pocket PC.After chatting with Toshiba online support, suggesting that I check the compatibility, I went to the Sandisk's website, and then found out that the SD 128 MB (619659015947/B000068CS0)doesn't compatible with Toshiba product. What a problem. Hope that help.
GREAT - IF YOU NEED A BIG PLASTIC PAPERWEIGHT: What a peice of junk! Almost immeidtaely, the cord stopped retracting, then we ran out of bags and discovered that none were to be had. After much effort, I found their website, which listed bags. I ordered them they never came. I called the company and after about 30 minutes on hold a very bored person came online. I told her I ordered bags but they'd never arrived. "Oh" she said."OH" ????!!!!After MUCH prying, she finally deigned to tell me that the vacuum was discontinued and so, she "guessed," were the bags.STELLAR COMPANY. WHAT TREMENDOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE.I suggest buying from this company only if you are very bored, want to spend a lot of time on hold on the phone, and don't really want to vaccum anyway.
live: this collection of live material is great.the only complaint is that sometimes it sounds like the vocals are not loud enough.this shows why randy rhoads was so great. a must buy
Choking Hazard: I dont know how the little freak did it, but my son got about 3/4 of this whole freaking action figure in his mouth, and choked on the stupid thing. i burned everything star trek in my house, and then broke into every house on my street and did the same to their stuff. dont buy this if you have moron children
Disappointing <sigh>: These polemical, superficial works by our fundamentalist "friends" are a dime a dozen. Rather than truly inform, their aim is to prey upon ignorance. The comments provided by the previous reviewer remind me of why I left the Southern Baptist church and never looked back. Praying for the Lord's mercy on all...
Worst phone I have ever used!: The voice quality on this phone is just horrible. Little did I know, the phone isn't even worth what I paid for it. You can actually hear your own voice coming out of the handset during a conversation. Basically, you hear your own echo while talking to somebody.I want to warn any potential buyers about the phones dismal performance. Stay away!!!
Its not that good.: This phone has a couple of serious shortcomings that make it less than ideal for home use. The worst is that if any station answers, all others are cut off from the call. That brings up the second problem: the only way to get another station involved is to conference it in or transfer the call. Transferring the call is complicated- I don't know anyone who has this phone who can transfer a call without referring to a "cheat-sheet". The programming is complicated. Although it has a lot of features, most are very hard to access from the handset. I think this phone would be ok for a small business where a trained receptionist ran the phone all day long. But not for a home.
Heater Cover: The cover was very hard to put on and take off, requiring two people. However, the worst problem is that when the cover is on, it crease something of a sail effect and the slightest wind will cause the heater to blow over, unless you have it tied down. This results in damaging the top of the heater.The cover is thus basically worthless.
Very shallow view of Italian business culture: This book provides a glimpse of the Italian business culture that is hardly worth the price. I was better served by Passport Italy, where I got some context for the behavior and values of the culture.
Simply the best.: This recording will put any other rendition of Strauss or Hindemith to shame. Brain plays with a lightness, clarity and flow that the masters of today can only dream about. The Hindemith was written for Dennis Brain, and this recording is conducted by the composer himself. The tragedy of Brain's early death is made all the more obvious by recordings like this. If you care about Horn music at all, heckif you care about soloists at all, but this CD.
Repeats from other collections: I'm so disappointed: I'd thought this was a Maeve Binchy collection I hadn't read yet, but it's all repeats from other books. I should have read the other reviews!It contains these stories:Tottenham HaleSeven SistersFinsbury ParkHighbury & IslingtonKing's CrossEustonWarren StreetOxford CircusGreen ParkVictoriaPimlicoVauxhallStockwellBrixtonShepherd's BushHolland ParkNotting Hill GateQueenswayLancaster GateMarble ArchBond StreetOxford CircusTottenham Court RoadHolbornChancery Lane
Victoris Line, Central Line: These stories were not up to Binchy's standard, but I still enjoy reading her.I always buy her books without even reading the reviews.
This is "Remastered"? You Gotta Be Kidding! A Terrible DVD...I Returned it to Amazon!: I was looking forward to watching A Farewell to Arms starring Gary Cooper and Helen Hayes. The words "Remastered Edition" caught my eye and I ordered it -- without reading any reviews.Alas, I only read Carol K's review about the quality of this DVD after I opened it and tried to watch it.I agree with her. If this DVD was remastered, it was remastered from a terrible fourth- or fifth-generation VHS tape. What's more, the sound sync was off. The actors lips were moving, but not in keeping with their words. It was like watching a badly dubbed movie. A fuzzy, badly dubbed movie.I spent five minutes trying to watch the movie, skipping to various scenes ahead to see if the quality improved. I gave up, packed it up, and returned it to Amazon.Do NOT buy this DVD! It's way beyond too expensive for the quality. If this is remastered, I'm a Chinese jet pilot.
a delight and totally enjoyable: I smiled and laughed out loud so much with this one that my roomate couldn't wait for me to finish so she could get her hands on it. It's one of the better young adult books and totally believable. I had more fun with this book probably than anything else I've read. Couldn't wait to read the 2nd one!
TERRIBLE!: I wouldn't make my worst enemy sit through this entire movie! I would say this is definately one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Why did I buy it? Reccomended by someone. I don't talk to them anymore!
You just cant get enough, of the stuff: Learn it, live it, love it. Remember, sometimes you need to eat shaving cream to survive.
OK Metal: Alright attempt to follow up of the Classic original. It was entertaining and the music was alright, but over all it was OK. It does not compare to the original.
A Waste of Time: The appeal of the original was that it was an animated version of the magazine. The appeal of the origial magazine was the mixture of styles, and the effortless "bad boy" attitude it exuded as a whole. As to the meandering plot? That was part of the appeal. If you didn't like one approach, there were at least three or more others that would turn you on! Heavy Metal 2000 misses the point entirely. It was flat, boring and felt like "Walt Disney Gets a Woody". I mean, it even had the same visual style of "Beauty and the Beast". The effortless adolescent raunch of #1 was replaced with the forced, "Aren't we bad? tee-hee!"And get a load of the hero, a whiny genXer that the original Den would have snapped in two. He wasn't cool, he was a pain! The heroine just kept missing the mark. The whole thing was kid stuff!Don't waste your money, rent the second one and buy the first one and prepare to leave your brain at home!
The best violinist in the world!: This CD is one of the first classical music CDs I ever bought and still one of my favorites. It was the first CD of Nadja Salerno-Sonnenburg I ever bought after seeing her profiled on 60 minutes many years ago.I have several CDs of Itzhak Perman, and Anne-Sophie Mutter, but no violinist matches Nadja's incredible gift of making each piece her own - you know that she truely feels the music - it flows through her -it isn't just a dry technical playing of the piece.Listen to Track #5 - Saint-Saens: Introduction and Rondo capriccioso, Op.28 - It starts out so hauntingly beautiful and gradually builds in intensity. If this music doesn't get to you -you have no soul and will never enjoy any type of classical music.
not what I thought it would be: I put this on my registry, but after setting it up on our changing table, I realized it was not what I wanted. It's much larger than I thought from the picture. It took up a lot of space, and I didn't have enough misc. items to fill it up. Everything was sagging. I tried to put wipes at the top, but they just slid to the front. We folded it up after a month and haven't tried to use it since.
Why is this still on the market?: I use it for lightweight items because everything else kept falling out and/ or caused the velcro straps to come undone. This thing needs LOTS of improvement and I don't understand why they haven't been made after all of the complaints. I found it at Target for $4 and it helps to keep baby's nursery organized but it is temporary. There is NO WAY I would pay full price for this thing.
"It's hard to tell the singer from the song": I discovered this c.d. at random in a used music shop.........I'm glad I did. It's a keeper! This is a great album to 'be with' when you're blue. Hazel expresses so much in her huge voice with careless statements like;"...starin' at that worn linolieum tryin' to trace the lost patterns 'round his tears...." "...we sometimes drive away the ones who care, from all the wearing and the tearing, the caring just walks right out the door."I like a broad range of musical expression, but the cornerstone has to remain real people. You don't get any real-er than Hazel.
AVOID WASTE OF MONEY: I bought this CD thinking it would relax me after a long hard day at work, all it has managed to do is increase my blood pressure. Elza's voice is way out of tone and disturbing at times. Maybe she should take some voice lessons before attempting to record a CD...... the reason two stars were given is that the music is OK until Elza opens her mouth....... save your money..... Yanni's music is much more relaxing and you get your money's worth.
Moonwatcher's Memoir: A Diary of 2001, a Space Odyssey: I always wondered who was the man in the Monkey Suit and now I know. A fascinating easy to read memoir. An insiders view of the making of one of the most influential movies of all time. A must read for all 2001 fans.
the second rock n roll swindle: this cd, as well as this band is not the "return" of rock, which unless you couldn't pull yourself away from radio mainstream garbage, never went away. i actually will give them the one star for effort though, they've definately studied their schtick, but it all comes down to feeling and these guys are about as bland as it gets in the "new rock" genre. if you really want to get down with garage music with soul, here's what i'd recommend:the dirtbombs- ultraglide in black (in the red)the real pills- nine long years (mortville)thee headcoats- headcoats down (damaged goods)calypso king and the soul investigators- soul strike (soul fire)the embrooks- our new day (voxx)rock on young soldiers.
Not Bad, Not Great: One of the benefactors of the New Hype is this NYC quartet. On their second release, Electric Sweat, The Mooney Suzuki stomp on the shoulders of rock giants. MC5, Rolling Stones, The Who, The Kinks - all are in attendance in these ten cuts of varying power and effectiveness. I like their energy and enthusiasm, especially on the mewling title track, but recoil from Sammy James Jr.'s sub-Hendrix echo-chamber of a voice. They're derivative: big deal. I just wish this record didn't sound like it was recorded in 1969 and lost in a vault until now.
By far the best!: As a violinist myself I can only say that this is the best recording by far, of the Bach solos. I've been listening to it daily for several years now and I am more inspired with each listen. I'm running out of friends and relatives to give this CD set to!
Creative MuVo Tx FM 512: I have had the TxFm 512 for almost 2 weeks now. It's a breeze to add/delete songs to the unit using "drag and drop". Both W2K and WXP recognized the unit w/o any problem.I have problem plugging the unit directly into my machines' USB ports due to the ports location and orientation, but an USB extention cable solves the problem.The conversion software is very useful because I can store more MP3 songs in 64bit format ... my original files are either in 192bit or 128bit formats. I don't think anyone can tell the difference from listening thru earbuds.Pros :1) can display in different languages2) available random songs (in folder) and random folder function3) conversion software is user friendly4) small and lightCons :1) should sell the 1G version in US (it's available in Taiwan)2) should provide neck strap (came w/ armband and beltclip only)3) volume output is too low if used thru FM modulator, using earbuds is fine though
This should be required reading for the depressed.: Darcy Dancer live's among the Irish aristocracy. This seems to be something of an oxymoron, like jumbo shrimp as the aristocracy is disorderd, drunk and badly behaved. That said, J.P. Donleavy manages to take havoc and add order, excellent writing and a good plot to a fairly slender novel that had me weeping with laughter throughout. His father chasing him through the house, only to crash through a rotted floor to the waist was perfect and only to be outdone by the fox hunt.
Key in My Ignition: R.Kelly is a musical genius! Rather its a remix of a remix or famous colloquialisms that we've all heard before (esp. us from Chicago)like "up off in college" or a nice grooving/grinding beat, no matter how much I try not to fall under his spell, I do.I like what he does and how he does. Try to get past the words and listen to some of the harmony he adds in the background.As far as his personal life, only God can be His judge and hopefully he will begin to let Him be his guide.Don't let that stop you from buying this CD, its going to be a treat!
Great book, can't put it down.: This book is a collection of 20 short real-life stories that took place in India. The stories are about street children, women, tribal homeless and destitute people and those living with leprosy and HIV. These stories show the spirit of human beings to overcome insurmountable difficulties with courage, resilience, optimism, humanism, and hope. This is a great read, specially for those in "developed countries", it gives a powerful and gripping insight into the lives of unfortunate people. Read this to understand how crippling poverty, discrimination, illiteracy, etc. can be, and the human being's determination to seek a better life in the face of these enormous suffering.The previous reviewer complained about the grammar, the grammar is indeed wrong at few places, but, it's not too bad to make the reading/understanding the stories impossible.
Very True!!!: Okay, I'll admit that I'm a little older than the audience that this book is aimed at, but I was a teen on Venezuela Trip (Nerve to Serve) that this book was about and had to check it out. I remember Susie asking us to submit our diary entries at the end of the trip because someone was going to write a book about the trip for the Brio Series. After reading the book I was impressed with the stories that it told that really happened. Just reading the book reminds me of the time of that spiritual high - I tend to get it out every July when Brio is on a trip wither I'm on the trip too or not. The stories that are in it that are true (I don't know about finding a Journal in the rubble) are great fun to read; the description of breakfast was very accurate too - Croutons instead of toast - and I'll add "fruit juice" that was more like a smoothie because of all the pulp in it. Love the book!
Are you joking?: A friend of mine gave me a CD entitled "Gabriels Groove" and told me I had to listen to it because it was the most awful creation known to man. I didn't beleive him, but after listening to it just once, I destroyed the CD by throwing it out of my car window. It is by far the worst musical work I have EVER heard. I would seriously pay the asking price of the CD to never hear the music again! By the way, I'm in my third year at Berklee college of music, toured Europe in a Jazz trio for two years and have played with countless famous musicians, so I definately think I'm qualified when evaluating a CD of music. This band needs to go.
how is this considered music?: I wonder if they know what rythem or a beat is? I have been playing music for 8 years now and I can't even imagine how they wrote this piece of garbage. Garbage is actually praising this CD because it seriously is worse than my dog's vomit. Buy a metronome so you can keep a f**king beat. This isn't anything new or experimental. It's just atrocious.Also, write some better lyrics and find a better singer. Babini is really flat half the time. My dog can vomit better lyrics and sing better than whats on this CD. Well, at least now I can use this CD to clean up my dog's vomit. Dont buy this because it is just a 10 dollar paper towel.In the end, you can't even burn this CD well because the plastic fumes can kill you. Maybe someone can burn it in front of this band so they never again will produce such crap.
Ok, but buy a Dyson instead: I purchased this vacuum several years ago and after one year, sold it to someone else for 40 dollars.... I went out and bought a Dyson instead at a considerably higher price. The vacuum has a very cheap plastic feel and although it tries to mimic the design of a Dyson, it is all looks no substance. Suction was ok. I did like the light on the front of it though and thought that was a good idea. In the end do yourself a favor spend more money on a better quality unit.
Shark bagless: What a piece of junk! My maid brings her old upright because she won't carry this heavy machine upstairs and it really doesn't clean at all. After a new years party we had some spanish nut halves on our hardwood floor and the vac wouldn't pick any of them up on the hardwood setting with the brush/beater turned off. It would barely move them. If it can't pick a half of a peanut up why even bother wassting all of those watts. After my first test run on the carpet there was nothing in the cannister. Guess my maid's must have cleaned up every spec of dust before I tried it. Another review stated "wish we had negative numbers."
great movie for a laugh: my husband wanted this after seeing it on television.it is definitely funny and not for young kids.
How to become a co-dependant racist heroine: Okay.I LOVE fantasy. Good ones. This isn't badly written and the world is intriguing but Meredith, you should be using your powers for good! Our heroines' skin gets LIGHTER in the sun of Solstar and therefore she is more beautiful? She is only worthy of love when she is tall, fair, blonde, and buxom? She cuts out her own heart and gives it to the vampire? Okay, what is up with that? That works? Not that I have noticed. Young girls should not be reading this. Oh sure, his ex-wives are all wraiths but I, with my superior blonde hair and light skin and big heart, will SAVE this woman strangling, soul-stealing man. Girls and women who have fallen under the spell of this book: Run! Male liars, alcoholics, and wife beaters who can suck a women's soul dry: sorry to have to tell you this but you should really save yourselves.1 extra star for the good spinning scenes and Lyon battles.
Sounded to good to be true: I tried this device on 3 computers. xp, 2000, and 98 SE. Track ball would only give horizontal motion. IOGear support had me try deselecting scroll wheel on the mouse driver. No good. Maybe I received the 1 in 1000 bad ones....but a lot of wasted time. As with everything else with this outfit, AMAZONs return process top notch painless and quick.
Good for family devotions: This has been a useful addition to our family devotion time. Gives us some thought provoking questions to prompt us to think about what we've read in scripture.
It's Homemade: Reminds me very much of the first American Music Club album: excellent songwriting, seemingly unpolished production that actually drips with "atmosphere", made for late night listening, singer sounds slightly haunted, etc. You could do a lot worse with $$$ than pick this up. Although I've only had it for a few days, I think this is an album that will wear well. Hayden throws in some sounds you wouldn't expect to hear in a bedroom recording, such as the string quartet that finishes "Bass Song", or the sombre horns of "Lullaby". And his lyrics can be unexpected as well: "I was only looking for sex, and I think you knew". He seems not to care if he sounds clever or says "the right thing", which earns him points in my book. You won't hear him on the radio, but if you get this, you may not listen to the radio for awhile.
For family of fans: Notwithstanding a few glaring factual errors, Alterman accomplishes what no other writer has: he explains the rational (in the view of this Bruce nut) near-religious ferver and devotion of Bruce Springsteen's core fans. I want my wife to read this book, so she might understand why I drop everything and fly around the country every few years to see a 50 years old man and his close friends sing and play for three hours a night. The stories are largely derived from Dave Marsh's hagiographies, but the book works.
Great magnet!: The die-cut was very lifelike. It's heavy and well-made, and looks great on my fridge. This magnet features the typical "Boston look".
Would make a great movie: I read this many years ago a a teenager, I felt that it spoke to the yearning that many of us have to "do" something important with our lives. Over the years I have revisited this book several times until, during a move, it was lost.Looking this book after a space of about 20 years I can more easily see its flaws (ethnocentrism), but in spite of that I believe that if anything this was an honest attempt to tell a good story.This is one story that is begging to be made into a movie, I hope that someday it is and that the focus is maintained and the special effects are done as well as they can be with today's technology.
great photos: My husband and I went on a 4-month camping trip throughout the southern states and took hundreds of photos with our 6.1 Digital Concepts camera -- amazing photos, breathtakingly beautiful. We have incredible photos of national forests: Ocala National Forest, Great Smoky Mountains, Cherokee, NC., fog on the mountaintops, gorgeous waterfalls, wild horses, Seneca Rocks, WV, stunning photos of the New River Gorge bridge -- on and on and on, and our camera took incredible pictures. We loved it!Unfortunately -- it got broken, smashed on the pavement when it was accidentally dropped. We recently ordered from Amazon another (identical) camera.Our original camera was still working, after four months' use, when it was broken and battery use was moderate. (Of course, most of our photos were taken outside, without flash).For the money, this was an excellent camera. We also bought a 7.1 megapixel -- HATED it, which is why we purchased, for the second time, the 6.1 model.
Surprisingly Amateurish: I love R.E.M. and I particularly love the R.E.M. songs that were recorded under the I.R.S. label. However, this video collection is surprisingly amateurish and it is missing many of the great videos that R.E.M. made during this period. I think it is time for R.E.M. and I.R.S. to mend fences, remaster the work off of the first five and a half R.E.M. albums, and issue a complete and professional compilation of the videos from this period.
An Good Supernautral Ghost Story.: A Family of Four (Karen Black, Oliver Reed, Two-Time Oscar-Winner:Bette Davis and Lee Montgomery) rents a House for the Summer and they are Beforehand Overtaken by an Unseen Compulsion.Directed by Dan Curtis (Trilogy of Terror 1 & 2) made a Good Ghost Film but the Movie is Familiar and Predicable. Based on a Novel by William F. Nolan (Logan`s Run), he also Written the Screenplay with Dan Curtis and Robert Marasco. The Cast is Good, Bette Davis hams it a bit too much than the Cast. The Film is Slowpacing and Downbeat Atmosphere. The Movie does have some Genuine Moments. Karen Black does have give the Movie, Best Performance. Although for all it`s flaws, this is a Good Looking Supernatural Thriller. Grade:B+.
Ha Ha Ha (but no ones laughing): After reading Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha in English class I came to appreciate the book. Upon reading the first thirty pages or so I thought that the book was easy readying and should not be read in an 11th grade English class. As I read more of the book I say the true meaning, which is that children can see the world so differently from how it really is. Children also make up situations to be what they instead of what is going on in reality. I think that this book will take back anyone to the days of youth and few worries.
"Angela's Ashes" without the redundancy: I read "Paddy Clarke" soon after reading "Angela's Ashes." While I know that I'm comparing a novel to a memoir, Doyle's first person, "stream-of-consciousness" of a 10-year-old Irish boy was incredibly more powerful and moving for me.Doyle adroitly builds his story from the every-day to the specific. The novel derives its power from the slow dawning of adulthood on this young boy... that very soon, he may have to be the "man of the house."Doyle's ability to write realistically through the eyes of a 10-year-old is a triumph. My favorite book in the past two years.
exxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxccccellent!!: I just loved this book....it gave me a good time and it is just hilarious.....
A Real Irish Childhood Vision: A superb exploration of a childhood character in the Irish setting. Brought through an imaginative focus upon the growing pains of such a wild creative mind. Easy to relate to with such memories of a forgotten childhood.
Perfectly plotless: In his fourth novel, Doyle takes a leap and enters the mind of a ten year-old boy. Here he presents life as it is lived, with ups and downs, idle chatter, and small trials and triumphs. This important book also serves as a reminder to all of us that children understand more than we think they do. Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha is the most realistic of both childhood and of Dublin in the 1960's anyone could ask for. Doyle may be short on plot, but he is long on meaning. If you were ever a child, you need to meet Paddy.
My Favorite: This is definately my favorite musical Christmas CD. I was so happy to find it at Amazon, as my original CD is so scratched it barely plays, and I found it in a little gift shop. The music is soothing and beautiful, and could be listened to year-round.
Garfield The Movie: I was very inpressed by the service I recieved from this company.I recieved my DVD in 3 days and in perfect condition as promised.I will definetly order from them again in the future.
Great Family Entertainment.: Well done, creative and entertaining. It is a treat for the family. The plot develops along smoothly, keeping the interest of adults too.
Why Did My Little Brother Drag Me Into This Crap!: I Hate this movie it really sucks dont get it on DVD or even freakin watch it, it just sucks. I know its a stupid gay little kids movie but still you dont need a freakin story for a garfield movie. I think just watching garfield lay around doing nothin would be more interesting than watching him "be a hero!" This movie is just crap. Jennifer Love Hewitt Is a sexy chick and thats the reason i gave it a pitiful 2 Stars. dont watch this crap it really sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
As bad as the duck...: Sometimes it is not a good idea to turn a lovable cartoon character into a full length feature film. This was one of those times. From the beginning of the film the story plodded along, never really capturing, never making me care. I saw the film with my sons, 9 and 12, and they were duly unimpressed as well. In fact, there were few laughed from the entire audience throughout. I rank the film up there with "Howard the Duck" for poor plot and meaningless characters. I was very sorry I spent the money. I wouldn't even recommend watching it when it comes out on DVD. It is a complete waste of time
Oh, Garfield!!!: I am a fan of Garfield and I have been looking forward to seeing this movie for a long time. Maybe that is the reason that I felt let down. I guess I expected too much. I am amazed that there are times during the movie when I actually felt it was boring. However, been a fan of Garfield, this is must-see DVD. So if you are a fan of Garfield, go ahead and get it.
when jennifer love hewitt is a star of a movie...: you know you are in trouble. i can't believe they took a small piece of my childhood happiness and made it into this piece of cat litter. i hope children who see this do not imagine this is the garfield that has been a staple of comic strips for 20 or so years. (...)
unadulterated junk: My son has been watching this and I find it unspeakably insipid. Silly stories, boring characters, etc. The animation is also mediocre, with characters moving too much in needless gestures. It is all irritating background noise.This is not one that parents can watch with their kids and pushes the minimal value of the newspaper comic way beyond the limits of its value.
Garfield: My grandson loved the movie and begged me to buy him the DVD for his Birthday, I have to say even the adults in the family loved it.
a natural journal with fox in the forest: This movie shown the pure and natural heart of the little girl which can attract the fox to get closer to her.
Farewell, John Balance - 4.5 stars!: The Ape of Naples is a brilliant eulogy for the too-early-passed John Balance, the Coil album to cap the 25 or so years that Balance and Peter Christopherson made beautiful (or noisy, or dangerous) music together. Mostly a quiet, meditative affair, it's an album that sums up the group's career nicely, alternately revisiting the past with takes on "Teenage Lightning" and "Amethyst Deceivers" and acknowledging the presence (closer "Going Up" is the perfect song for Balance's passage from this plane to the next). The circumstances of Balance's death were regrettable -- still, his musical career speaks for itself. The Ape of Naples is his tribute. Rest in Peace, John.
Another Great PT/Brion Collaboration: This is another great collaboration between director Paul Thomas Anderson and musician Jon Brion. First, this is a great movie, and then an equally great soundtrack/score by Jon Brion, with the film and soundtrack working perfectly together. The disc is mostly instrumental songs and includes "He Needs Me" "Waikiki" which are prominent in the film. This score is great on its own, which makes me recommend it more than the "Magnolia" score (again by the PT/Brion duo). These two are really able to team up and make the music perfectly complement the film.Also, if you like this soundtrack, especially "Here We Go", go check out jonbrion dot com and his album meaningless. It is not yet available on Amazon.
So Damn Good!: Anyone who says Punch-Drunk Love (the movie or the soundtrack) isn't absolutely wonderful should be ...well, something bad should happen to them. This soundtrack and movie are delightful.Jon Brion's taken the hint from Bjork's Dancer in the Dark soundtrack and made full use of the wide world of sound. This is most apparent on the track Hands & Feet where sounds of brushes and window blinds complete the percussion. I only wish there were more tracks devoted to making music from non-traditional instruments.The CD is only 44 minutes long, but it's compiled well and the tracks are lengthy enough to leave you fulfilled. If you didn't love the movie, you probably won't like the soundtrack, but if you didn't like the movie, why are you reading this review?
Perfect for DX6I, DX7 does not balance well: Works well, but the DX7 does not balance via its strap lug. A trip to the hardware store for an eye loop and some nuts and washers and you can fix it!
Great music, only one cd.: Reason for my rating is the fact I only got one cd. I mean, 51 bucks for one cd is messed up. I guess I bought it after reading the reviews hoping the cd had like a bonus disc inside that they didn't put on the description... oh well. If you got the money and would like to own atleast ONE of the cd of this album, buy it.
Worst movie in years: I haven't seen such a negative, sub-standard movie in years. The preview looked great but I don't think I laughed once while watching the real thing.
C'MON DOC WHERE TALKING CLINICAL DEATH, HERE.: As a former Paramedic I take a skeptic's view when reading about so called near death experiences or "nde's". The author, a cardiologist, should realize that nde's are just that. Just because your heart stops beating and you cease to breath you are not really dead, yet! That is called clinical death....real or bioligical death is several minutes away. Biological or brain death occurs as the neurons in the brain begin to die from hypoxia or lack of oxygen. This book is biased...fails to mention the diffrence between clinical and actual death.
Excellent Indie Album: I can't believe I am the first person to submit a review of this album. This is an excellent CD. The Masters of the Hemisphere are (were as of Nov 2002, actually) a great indie pop band out of Georgia. Of their three primary releases, this is the most professional and developed. The band makes good use of other instruments (take time--horns, anything anything--fanatastic flute(?) stuff) to break out from the boring old indie band guitar thing. Some of the songs sound like they should have been hits in 1965, but the band is decidedly not retro. This made one reviewer's top 10 of 2002 list at Rolling Stone. Comparisons are difficult. Think Pavement without the bile, Fables of the Reconstruction era REM without any twang.
Bad design - drives me crazy: Push buttons on the rim are exposed and active even when the cover is closed. They cannot be disabled. These buttons control ring profiles so that the phone will change to silent without warning.
Please Help Me!: Hey people i have a question for anyone that knows of any information on the Motorola v600 camer phone from cingular. Could anyone email me telling me why the v600 was discontinued and when it will be avaiable for purchase at cingular stores.Please email me back i really want to know. Email adress: mdsteele189@kc.rr.com
Worthless--Try the State Dept Website: If I could figure out how to get my money back for this item, I would do it! A scam... There is more and better info at the State Dept. Website. Not worth 7 bucks!
bad dream? badly written !: First, the book is so poorly written it is hard to get throught it.It would have flown more freely if all the biblical quotes he uses to prove his case were referenced as footnotes instead of intejected on every page. This was distracting from his story. Also,we are never told what caused him to be lying on the floor in his living room while this trip to hell occured. Was he rushed to a hospital to investigate a near death experience? No. Was he taken to a doctor to see if he had a medical condition that could cause collpase and hullucinations ? No. He says he came to screaming in fear and horror. Was a psychiatric evaluation done or a CT scan of the brain. No again. I believe in heaven and hell and in Jesus. Not so sure I believe him.
23 Minute in Hell would be enough for anyone!!: I believe with all my heart that what I read is factual. I believe Bill Weise really did experience this. What a horrible thing to go through. But also what a joy and relief it must have been when Jesus Christ lifted him up out of the inferno. After reading this book all I want to do is live more for Jesus Christ and tell other people what they need to do in order to be saved. Truthfully we can't really grasp to what Bill went through and mostly we will not be able to fully understand it. Only believe that it did happen. Is it fact or fiction? You decide.
Eye opening: I have read other testimonials about hell and this one is just as terrifying. It's difficult to imagine an eternity of being confined to this place. Truely disturbing and scarey. Definitely makes one think of their fate when we die.
Awesome insight!: This is a great book that explains just a touch of what eternal life is apart from Christ! Wonderful read for those who do not realize the absolute eternal life that hell will be.
What Would Jesus Say?: In Luke 16 a rich man in hell asked Jesus if he could come back to life and warn his family. Jesus said, "No, it won't make a difference." Evidently Jesus was wrong. That is why He has allowed Bill Wiese to bring a warning from hell. It's your choice reader. Will you listen to Jesus or Bill, they can't both be right.
Enjoyable and easy to read: This is an excellent and well documented account of one man's trip to hell. It was very easy to read, and all of his accounts are very well supported by biblical documentation. This book will give you a greater appreciation of life and will help you examine the after life.
Unbelievable...and people are buying it.: I received this book as a gift, and it was the worst gift I have ever received. Now, don't get me wrong--I believe that God is still alive, and I believe in visions and visitations. I've had them. However...we are warned in Scripture to test the spirits, and I don't think the author did this. His depictions of hell do not line up with the Scriptures. Pointy demons that torture simply aren't there. Demons don't torment in hell, they are tormented in hell; and in fact, in II Peter 2:4 we're told that most of the demons are in a different part of hell. So, I don't know. I only got a third of the way through it and then threw it. My opinion--if you want to know what hell is like, go to the pages of Scripture. It's free.
Surprised, then captivated: I don't expect to like a CD the first time I hear it. But during the first track of this record, I felt like I was hearing a voice of my own experience. It was moody and seemed to rise like a memory. I found myself waiting to hear what it would say next. I was pulled along from track to track by something in the lyrics that tells a story. And when it got to the end I felt like I had gone through a season of life and wanted to go through it again. The mix of instruments is unpredictable. Fresh. Sometimes this kind of adult listening music can sound sleepy, but this was definitely awake.
a little too simple: I agreed pretty much with all the posts for this story. Cherish was sweet, a little too sweet and innocent. I mean you'd think she would have gained some gumption from all the crazy people she was stuck with before Sloan found her and did the requisite hero rescue. I think the best parts of the story are the side characters, Pierre and Katherine, the two old guys that live with Sloan and John Spotted Elk and his sister. Over all it is a decent story, but not the best.
(yawn): Dorthy Garlock's Love and Cherish has an insipid meandering excuse for a plot. She drudges along a well worn path through historical romanance: the lovely but tiny young maid falls in love with the huge life-harden man and in turn wins his heart. I love a good roamance with a happy ending, but this is entirely too predictable. The dialogue is so honeyed, it is laughable. If this book is publishable, we should all give writing a book a try!
Buy this CD!: I bought this album about 2 months ago and have listened to it everyday. I'm a big Anthem fan, I have about 7 or 8 of their cd's, but this one is definitely their best. Even better than Bound to Break. On this one they have a different guitarist & vocalist(ex-EZO, I think). From the opening track it just starts rockin and doesn't stop the whole way through. There are no ballads on this cd. If you are unfamiliar with Anthem, they've been around since about '82. It's straight forward 80's style metal. They sing in Japanese and English in most of their songs. But that doesn't bother you when you're listening to it. You're too busy rockin.
Excelent Album !!!: This is a great album from Vicentico, if you are a fan; you can't miss it, the songs are really good, "Algo Contigo" and "Culpable" both kept me hooked to this album, from the first time I heard them.
Disappointing: Sr. Miño (b. 1949) is an excellent guitarist from Seville, particularly noted for performing with his wife, dancer Pepa Montes. I saw them together at a festival in Palma del Río once, and of all the performers that evening they impressed me the most.Unfortunately, this album does not — for me, anyway — capture what Miño is capable of. For one thing, the recording is very old (1976). The playing (as often, regrettably, happens in the antiseptic atmosphere of a recording studio) is stiff, nervous and inhibited, and shows an alarming tendency to slide towards the classical; although (as one would expect) there are good musical ideas.The total time is 45'09"
like it: Came late to Miles and his Jazz and I don't have a strong music background but I do like this as well as most of his work. For me music that allows me to concentrate while being entertained.
Schizophren-X: Perhaps instead of calling this album 'Song X' a more appropriate title would have been 'Schizophren-X'. The notes are so disorganized and scattered that it obviously gives the listener some insight into what an auditory hallucination must be like. There is absolutely nothing groovy about this recording. Quite frankly it is down right frightening, and painful to listen to. No matter how many times I hear this I still refuse to believe that this really is Pat Metheny. Please tell me it isn't so. Something was seriously wrong in the recording studio during the making of this album. Pat, trust me I really do love you but, what were you thinking?!! All though I am generally crazy for Pat Metheny I rate this recording negative stars. If you insist on listening to this album please remember to first comply with your medications.
X-out Song X: What are you people thinking? Has the world gone mad? This is NOT jazz. I can play better than this and I don't even play saxaphone. Someone came up to me the other day and said "Hey this is great stuff!" When I told him that they weren't even playing music whatsoever, he said "No way man, they are CHOOSING those notes!" I slapped him in the face.I thought that the birth of Kenny G. as a jazz icon was the lowest point in jazz's history...I was wrong... Song X is rock bottom.What happens when a drummer, guitarist, and saxophonist all solo at once? Song X a.k.a. crap.
Old school at it best!: I really enjoyed listening to this cd, it brought back memories of going to clubs and just dancing with the ladies.
favorite Watch.: I can truly say that I am fond of watches, I have many and all, but my Fossil watch is that I like because it has a design that fits with my personality, skin, leather bracelets is very safe and their performance has been incredible, not for nothing is one of the best brands of watches in the world.
Good: The price was reasonable, much less than the department store. I feel satisfied to date with the product. The delivery time was rapid.
Awesomness: I wanted a long cable to connect my computer to my tv from about 12 feet away and this worked perfectly.
This was a big disappointment for a Belkin product.: The signal was so degraded on this VGA cable I was startled. I have had many Belkin products before and have never been this disappointed. The ghosting was terrible and totally washed out. I can't send it back because I cut five feet of the cable out to try and improve the performance...didn't work. I purchased two of them and they were both bad. Do not purchase this for any reason. I purchased a Rosewill from Newegg and was completely satisfied.
Serious disappointment: Hoping to fill my tv screen 60 led, this cable didn't do it. I did discover that they make hd vga cables that do it. This one didn't. I got a new cable that works
A Simple Product that Didn't work Right: I bought this cable to connect my netbook to my bedroom tv. The cable itself is thick and appears to be made of quality materials, however it doesn't work when solidly connected to both components. The screen color goes purplish-pink, unless I play with one side and keep it held in that position.This cable was also tested with my Desktop Monitor and PC, and I found the same issue. No, it's not my equipment, it's this cable. I'm using this cable right now with tape, while a wait for another cable. Very annoying that a simple VGA cable doesn't work properly.Not recommended.
Microsoft Wireless Laser Desktop 4000: I bought this set for my husband. We've had no problems with the keyboard, however, the mouse is the worst mouse I've ever used. I don't even know how to describe it. It's sluggish and nearly impossible to use no matter what settings we used. I can find absolutely no redeeming qualities for this mouse other than it did work, just not acceptably. I finally just ordered him a new mouse. I went with the same Logitech Nano that I have and love!
The best keyboard I've purchased: I have always been a fan of the Microsoft ergonomic keyboard because my hands seem to be less tired after hours of typing. Although this one seemed a little flatter, I'm delighted with the keyboard action and hand position. The padded palm rest is wonderful and the wireless mouse if far superior to the Wireless Notebook Optical Mouse 3000 I use at work.Overall I consider this one of my smarter purchases. It's worth far more than I paid (but don't tell Amazon).
Very Disappointed: i ordered this item in December. I noticed that when I received it that the mouse actually is the 5000 instead of the 4000. No big deal I thought. I've later realized the the keyboard is the Wireless Comfort Keyboard 4000. I can't imagine that these were meant to be sold together.The mouse doesn't seem to work with some online games.I hate that the keyboard has no lights to show when the Cap Lock and Num Lock are on or off.
Wild and out review: Wild and out is one of the funniest shows in America and is hollywood at it's best. Sometimes it's really funny, sometimes it's wack, but all the time this is the funniest show on television. It's definitely worth watching if you enjoy gotham comedy and spoof comedy.
Theological concerns about this study: We ordered this latest book in the Sisters Bible study series in anticipation of the same quality of previous excellent studies in this same series. However, we were definitely disappointed and chagrined to discover that the social priniciples of the UMC (United Methodist Church)are not upheld in this volume, most notably those prinicples concerning marriage and sexual relations. We decided to return the books to the publisher and find another study. We will be especially careful in considering any new offerings in this series.
Not accurate: I tried all the strips in the kit. The results did not correspond to a more elaborate test I did afterwards to confirm the rather questionable results from this kit. If someone is serious about testing his well water, I would not recommend this kit.
Best of its category.: I recommend this thoroughly interesting and informative book for anyone attracted to "Making friends with the sky". Beneath a Vedic Sky is easy and enjoyable to read. It contains all the basics you need to know in order to begin, AND a clear and concise system of analysis and synthesis which even the most advanced astrologer will find useful.I especially enjoyed the complimentary CD.Mary Ann Cooke, Ph.D.
AC Home charger+car charger review: I purchased this product on August 2 2012, the usb and wall charger work perfectly but the car charger was made from very cheap plastic and was already broken in the package. I was very dissapointed with the material used for the car charger.
Try something else for your car: If you were going to use this product for the car charger like I was, do not waste your time. I used it and my car started smelling odd. Brand new and out of the package, the charger was overheating and stinking everything.
LOUSY PRODUCT, DON'T BUY!: I'm from Asia & purchased this & had someone else deliver it here. Anyway, the 1st time I used this the red light turned on but went out soon after without charging the zune. Tried it again a few days after, it still won't charge. So basically I bought a broken charger that didn't work the 1st time I got it! No way can I return it now from all the way here, LOUSY PRODUCT, DON'T BUY!
Good: Don't know how it works because I bought it for somebody. Never heard from them so it either works as it should or it doesn't hence the missing feedback.
did not work: This product was cheap to buy... probably because it does not work!! neither cord worked, the red light did not come on the first time i plugged it in.
Piece of Junk: The first shipment came to me completely destroyed - specifically it had been crushed into about a dozen pieces due to crappy packaging. The company said they would send me a replacement at no additional cost. They did. However, the item stopped working after 2 days of use. Just look at the price - this thing is cheap for a reason......because it is junk. My advice: Spend some money and get a quality AC adapter.
good value: Good extra cords to have at a good value. It didn't cost a great deal to have the extra cords on hand for when they loose one.
Thats It!: Exactly what I wanted! Product delivered as shown. Pretty light weight, but hey, I paid about 4 bucks for it
Opening scene is a dramatic masterpiece: Erik Swanson's portrayal of a young boy too preoccupied with fishing to recognize the beauty before him is astounding.
this bra is my favorite: Really. It's my favorite piece of clothing. I own 4 of these, one of which is 7 years old. Hand washed and worn all the time, it has stayed in near perfect condition and is very flattering on a large bust.
Spiritual Omer counting: I am finding this book very very useful; every day is presented a new and profound insight into how we conduct our lives. I force myself not to look ahead, so every evening my meditation begins with a new way of looking at my life!
Uplifting, inspiring, brilliant: Brilliant work that makes concepts some believe to be unexplainable mysteries so clear and even easy to understand. The book is a treasure and everyone should read it if they want to better understand the purpose of life.
The wrong device: I used the splitter to send the signil of the dvd player and satilite box to the big screen tv. Forgot to turn off the dvd player off and the next day I could not use the splitter on side that the dvd player was on.
Advanced Strategic Planning: A New Model for Church and Ministry Leaders: This is an excellent book. I am using it in a Pastor's Thrive Training group. They have also enjoyed it. It is a challenge to wade through some sections, but is a very practical approach to the Startegic Planning Process.
Good tricks book for the beginner: I have been a mediocre fan of the "Dummies" series. They do a decent job at teaching the basics on a subject.Where these books tend to shine is teaching a subject in an enjoyable format to the beginner. There are a host of beginner guides out there, but few are written and put together in such a way that even the casual PC user can understand them. Also the format is consistent from book-to-book. So if you have read one "Dummies" book you will feel comfortable with another.The Windows Me OS is a perfect topic for this type of book. Typically, the casual user wants a quick concise answer to a question without needing to read a complete history on why Microsoft decided to implement the change that is causing him/her trouble. Most beginners don't care why, they just want it fixed.If you like the "Dummies" format and are looking for a book that will make you feel more comfortable using Me, try this one out.
First Rate Characters: I LOVED this play. It's characters we're brilliantly created. My favorite was by far Beneatha. This play demands emotional involvement. You can't help feeling depressed for the plight of the family because the characters are so REAL! Of all the plays we've read in my AP English class this is by far the best. It seemed very Shakespearian (another timeless playwrite) in its excellent characterization, wittisisms, and shifts between funny and tragic scenes. I'm glad the family was victorious in the end because I didn't want to go to sleep depressed (and I would have been, the book is THAT good). Lorraine Hansbury has earned every star with this play.
This book sucks: This is one of the worst books I have ever read. It is boring, nothing interesting hapens in it. If you have to chose a book don't buy it. And if you have to read it buy the cliff's notes it wil make it less painful to read. If there had been an option to give this book zero stars I would have chozen it.
A Raisin In The Sun: A Raisin In The Sun, by Lorraine Hansberry is a veryinteresting book.It gives you alot of detail on the manydifferent family problems the Youngers had. It also showsmany examples of how many family members have arguements andfights, and were able to talk about them. I would recommendthis book to many people because the author captures the readersattention from the beginning to the end.
A story of reversion and redemption: This story was one of the most fascinating plays I have ever read. In particular, whenever I watch old re-runs of "Good Times" I always think of Walter, and the Younger Family, living happily, albeit not necessarily comfortably in the "ghetto."I definitely recommend watching these old re-runs to get a feel for the play. One has to piece together the references, allusions and collage-like nature of the material and situate the works historically and critically so that their difficulty is translated into effective meaning and feeling.
Definately an eye opener!: This book is an excellent resource for those who want more information about SV40. It is ridiculous that the government sat on this info and because of it, people are dying from cancer. The book is not written in a conspiracy theory type of way. Very factual information given. Kudos to the authors!
Fun gift: I bought this as a gift for someone else, and she really like it. Since she likes huskies, enjoyed this and added it to the collection she now has.
Excellent Mystery: When I received my copy of this book in the mail, I immediately sat down and read the first 100 pages without pause! As both a musician and a fan of mystery novels, the story appealed to me on both fronts. Well-studied musicians will find themselves enjoying the musicological aspect of the main character's dissertation quest, but never does Seitz wander into a realm that non-musicians cannot follow or appreciate. The pacing throughout the story is particularly excellent, and kept me wondering "whodunit" right up until the end. I highly recommend this book to lovers of music, musicians, and mystery fans -- I am looking foward to the sequel!
exquisite album: Contained in this CD are some of the most beautiful versions of the great timeless songs of Rogers and Hart. Coductor John McGlinn's orchestrations are flawless, as are Frederica's vocals. My favorites are 'I Didn't Know What Time It Was', 'My Funny Valentine', 'Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered', 'Atlantic Blues' and 'A Ship Without a Sail'. Every song is well done and everyone I have turned on to this album loves it.
FABULOUS!!!: This is an updated, modern, slick and stylish new "V". I loved the campiness of the original mini-series and was dubious that the new version could capture me, but I was WRONG! It is terrific, and the beautiful, but deadly Anna is mesmerizing! Good acting, great special effects and a story just interesting enough to carry the thing along, makes me impatient for each new episode. You don't have to be a sci-fi fan to appreciate this series! (Yes, it is funny, as well as exciting.)
V: Season 1: If you're thinking about buying "V"... Think no longer hit the "Add to Cart" button! "V" is a great show staring off with the Pilot (the whole season is worth buying just for it!) and the next 3 episodes are sooooooo awesome. And the season finale is terrific! Can't wait for season 2 beginning Tuesday, January 4 at 9/8 central on ABC! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!? BUY IT ALREADY! P.s. I love all the actors SSSSOOOOOOO MUCH!
Just Goofy: I was very intrigued by the previews for this show and the first half or so of this pilot was just as intriguing. But unfortunately the plot took a turn for the worst as it transitioned from intelligent to goofy. I was surprised at the ending, simply because I couldn't conceive it being contrived. At least they had the decency to make the big reveal in the first episode instead of stringing us along for an entire season or more. Now at least I know not to watch any more. You may not consider the ending of this episode a "big reveal," but it would have been, had they declined to reveal it until later. Instead they leave the audience with no mystery, just a go-getter speech. I can't say I'm interested in watching episode two. I'm not interested in the plot anymore, I'm not interested in the characters and I certainly have no expectation that the writers will pull through and create an intelligent and engaging show after this episode. Maybe they will, but I don't expect it.
Another good guys vs bad guys show--unrelievedly: Unfortunately, this show is going in the direction of most of the other fare on tv. It is shaping up to be the evil aliens (who really look awful instead of beautiful) against the good guys (FBI agent, priest, etc., as rebels). The entire show this time advanced that premise rather than developing other aspects. I wish the aliens weren't so unrelievedly beautiful on the surface and evil underneath too. It doesn't leave much room for interesting stories other than good guys vs. bad guys. The only thing I enjoyed this time was looking at the beautiful alien Anna and the neat way she could try on outfits virtually. I doubt I will watch this next week. I think I will stick with FlashForward and Fringe as my sci fi of choice this season. Save your money.
WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE THIS INCREDIBLE CD: I love music of all genres: r&b;, country, rock, you name it... THIS CD is definitely in my top three of ALL TIME.His voice is so soulful, smooth and flat out amazing. The tracks range from sexy ballads to danceable, bass-filled grooves. I CANNOT take it out of my cd player.Top picks: "7 Days", "Rendezvous", "Walkin Away", and "Once in a Lifetime." The "Fill Me In Part Two" is cool also. The only song I can do without it "Booty Man", as it is pretty cheesy!You will LOVE this CD!!!!!
He Sure Is: I love this album!! Never gets old, every song is perfect. His upbeat songs will keep you dancing and ready to party while the slow tracks are perfect to put on when your with your girl or just relaxing. I highly recommend this cd. 7 Million copies sold should be enough to convince you.
great debut album: this is in my opinion not only a great debut album but one of the best Craig David has ever recorded. the US version CD contains the same songs of the UK version with 2 added songs, I cannot remember the titles now!!!!I like his vocals and he seems to have a talent for blending his voice to melodies... highly recommended.
I love this guy!: Craig David's "Born to Do It" is awesome! His voice is smooth as silk and his beats are kick booty! Two-step is seriously makin' it huge here. I mean N'sync used a little two-step on there album and they were inspired be Craig David! Criag's album is worth every penny. GET IT NOW!!!
NO ORIGINALITY: The album is only worthy for the catchy "Fill me In" and the latin-influenced "7 Days", the rest of the album is totally BORING and w/out any interest. Of course, Craig has a great voice, filled with soul and heat, and the Artfull Dodger's Mark Hill production tries to be a bit creative, using the "garage" style as an alibi to guarantee innovation, but is that enough to make a good album? DON'T BE FOOLED!!!
A Rare Talent: Craig David's debut album, "Born to do it." A smash in the UK, much potential to be a smash here in the states as well. Tracks like "Key to my Heart", "Walking Away" and "Rendevous" make this CD a must-buy. Not to mention the two singles, "7 days" and "Fill me In." Craig David is a rare talent, and look for great things from him in the future.
Craig David- Take a listen.: Craig David has bought a new sound to R&B music. He along with others has made music come back to life again. With his mix of garage and two-step, he makes music worth while again. Not to mention his beautiful melodic voice that makes his music listenable each time. He definitely isnt hard on the eyes either.
Excellent Purchase: I found the cd to be and EXCELLENT purchase. I love all songs on cd, track 4 is defintely my favorite. I am so glad that he chose R&B; to be his prefer sound. Justin has an excellent voice and he's the glue that holds N'Sync together. Justin defintely has the R&B; sound and style. I love his cd and looking forward to purchasing other solo CD's by this artist.Thanks JUSTIN!
He's lucky he's good-looking...: because this album is a piece of garbage. It has one or two memorable parts but for all the waiting, work, and hype, this album promised all & delivered nothing. It's like ordering a pizza and getting raw dough.
GAG REFLEX!!: This album is just horrible. Justin sounds like a girl singing (and hes not even good at that). Plus he broke up with Britney Spears, and that proves that he is a complete loon. DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM!!
What the hell is this, somebody throw a pie: Justin Timberlake is one of the least talented performers of all-time. He became famous for being a singer in a boy band, for those of you don't know boy bands put 5 singers in a band because maybe one of them could sing. Then some idiot gave him a solo contract so idiots can buy this CD, then the people who buy this album will regret it in a few years.Quoting the worlds smartest insult comic dog Triumph "Does he rap, does he sing, he doesn't know what to suck at."
Thanks, but no thanks: Overall the songs and the production are not bad, almost any other male singer could make these songs decent. His voice is high pitched and doesn't work well with Urban contemporary music. His is best suited to well-crafted Dance-Pop music. I strongly suggest you listen to samples from the CD, as to avoid dissappointment.(...) I hope my short review was helpful to you.
serious disappointment from a michael jackson wannabe: i was seriously disappointed when i picked this one up. i'm an nsync fan, so i figured i'd go ahead an get this one. big mistake. first off... what's so special about this limited edition? it's a digi-pak? wow! so what. they are a pain to store, and just not an improvement at all. and for someone so vain, he couldve at least through something enhanced, like some pictures or something. and the music. he whines through most of the songs, and he seems to think he's michael jackson's re-incarnate. a couple of songs are really good, but the rest just put me to sleep. surely not worth my money. i highly recommend you preview this on a listening station at the store before spending your money. make sure you like the style of the whole album, because the rest of the album is not even remotely near as good as the first single Like I Love You.
Doesn't "Justify" the Hype Surrounding Him: This is definitely a mediocre album. He's the most blatant Michael Jackson wannabe there ever was. He doesn't even TRY to be original. Could "Rock Your Body" be any MORE similar to Michael's 1979 song "Rock With You"? Doesn't "Senorita" remind you way too much of Michael's 1983 song "P.Y.T"? Justin, try to be a liitle more original on your next album- if there even is a next album?
good album but groundbreaking? COME ON: this album is a like a modern day michael jackson off the wall record but with hip hop elements from no other than timbaland and neptunes. You can still love a CD and acknowledge that it was inspired by old school music. I myself love old school r&b as well as today's r&b and hip hop so naturally it was an enjoyable fusion for me that adhered to my musical tastes. I actually checked out this CD expecting nothing and I ended up liking it a lot and can't wait to hear the new justin album
the king of flop: justin will never, ever be another michael jackson. And he will never be r&b, he's just pop trash disguised as hip hop/r&b. Where would he be without timbaland & neptunes helping him out. They should have just saved their tracks for a real r&b artist. If you want true r&b music, go buy alicia keys CD
Who does he think he is? MJ?: Untalented copycat/wannabe of the legendary genius that is MJ!He does not write those rubbish songs and he does not have a voice. Justified is a Neptunes album featuring Timberlake.Now he labelled himself the New King Of Pop. Everybody knows who was, still is and will forever be the King(MJ)Timberlake cant write songs,cant sing, cant dance etc. He cant do ANYTHING! untalented wannabeBad songs, bad album. Don't waste your time and money on this. Keep away from Justified.I wish my review is helpful to music fans.thank you
GOD HELP US!!: The song "Cry Me A River" has to be THE worst song of the past ten years. It's just beyond listenable. Painful to the ears. A total assault to the ears. Does this guy think he's the next Michael Jackson? Justin Timberlake's falsetto vocals on this track are just embarrassing. And it's pretty bad when the backup vocalist on your songs are better than your own. I think the female singer who sings "talk to me, boy", on the song Rock Your Body, should get a recording contract of her own, not Justin. And it's pretty scary that mostly girls under 16, who are the majority of Justin's fans, are hearing lyrics such as, "Gonna have you naked by the end of this song." If i had a little daughter and she started singing lyrics like that, i'd toss Justin's cd in the trash and expose her to better music, not a marketing scam.Justin's high falsetto vocals are probably the most annoying, worst thing your ears will be subjected to this or any year. He sounds like a losing contestant from American Idol.
This is a good CD.: I don't own this CD yet, but I did order it from a music club.It's comming soon in the mail.I wasn't a fan of the group he was in. I can't spell the name. But, i herd the track's for this CD. And it's not bad. Anyone can listion to it. And would make a good gift for someone. When you don't know what to buy someone. it's very moving, relaxing.He sounds simalar to the way Jordan Knight sounded in New Kids on the Block. I'm not even a fan of this singer, but I say the CD is very good.
3 WORDS: OH - MY - GOD!!: this is the second review i am sending in after reading reviews from amazon, and i dont agree with what they are trying to say.when they said that this album was written about britney because it has love songs is not true.he has already said that he has used inspiration from relationships to form some of the songs on his album, and there is nothing wrong with that, and even if he did i dont think its any of our business anyway. we are reviewing the music, not his love life, and the music to me is fantastic as i said in my past review, 'god couldnt have done better himself'.
cutie pie: he is talented, a little michael jackson in the works. his cd is good, groovy. can bob your head to it.
Wow!! Brutal!!: I can't believe it. Never in my wildest dreams did I expect Justin to go full-on metal. His guitar playing is absolutely amazing - such speed and dexterity. His bandmates are no slouches, either. The drummer pounds on those skins like a madman, the double-bass pedals like machine gun fire out of your speakers! Justin's new found rough vocals make Cannibal Corpse sound like sissies!! Combine that with his previous high-pitched screams and you got a Metal vocalist to watch out for. The songs, all composed by Justin, are amazingly arranged. The riffs are absolutely ripping,insanely brutal, and he also employs some Pantera-style chunky rythms to break up the ultra fast riffing. If you thought this guy was a wimp, listen to this. :-)
Horrible: I still haven't recieved my CD and it has been a month. I guess I'll have to contact the seller again so that I can get a refund, although I would think that she would contact me to see if I had recieved the CD since I've already emailed her once. I am not a satisfied customer at all!
i can't stand the guy: but several of the tracks with their musical production were well done though I've heard it all before with MJ. I credit the neptunes and timbaland for their musical genius but it should have been invested in someone who's actually talented. I heard some of the songs were given to mj but he didn't want them, big mistake. There would have been better melodies, better vocals and much better songwriting than what justin did to these tracks on this album.
Give credit where credit is due: This was a well made cd. I don't like all the songs, and I'm not much of a Justin fan. Without Timbaland and the neptunes and Brian McNight, Justin would not have been able to put out such a good cd. He's smart he tapped into the whole urban sound which helped push him over the top...good for him. Give the man credit it's a good cd.
Making it shut up....: This horrid lad - all over the tv and radio. *cries*. Cant bear it. He is a ex-boyband member (what could be worse, now really) with about as much talent as your average Joe Carew. Having to listen to most of this album while it being played in the background of a music shop. Cant I just browse for music in PEACE. And the videos? What I have seen now this 'senorita' is beyond stupidity. And have you with the 'rock your body' video scenario? Horrible, just horrible. Is he apparently the best looking lad ever? *laughs*
Cucumber bar soap: I tried this cucumber soap because I read that cucumber is good for dry skin, which I have. But I'm sorry to say that not only did this particular soap not help my dry skin, it actually made the condition worse. I thought maybe it was some other ingredient in the soap drying me out so I gave Lever Aloe & Cucumber bar soap a try because Aloe is touted for being so good for skin and, wow, it got rid of my dryness and my skin is turning supple. So if you're looking for something for dry skin, Aloe is the way to go.
What was Garmin thinking?: This case came with my c550 StreetPilot and while the GPS unit is quite good, the case design is flawed. The case is a neoprene-like material that hold the c550 snugly, with padding on the front side to protect the screen. The back side has a hole that exposes the socket on the back of the unit.Apparently, Garmin engineers thought it would be a good idea to leave the case on the unit when you have it attached to your windshield or other area of your dash. By doing this, the case flops around and the whole setup looks horrible.Yes, I do use the case, but I take the unit out of the case first then place it on the ball mount. A simple cut along one side of the case would allow users to slide it off the unit without removing the unit from the mount.This case was either an afterthought or it's just a poorly designed product.
WARNING-NOT A CARYYING CASE: The photograph for this product is incorrect. This is just the protective cover that only goes around the unit itself and is included with your purchase of your street pilot. You need to look at:Garmin Deluxe Carrying Case for StreetPilot and GPSMap 176 (010-10231-01) systemsInstead...
Worst Purchase!: I had to return this book. It is outdated compared to the other bible dictionaries out there. I wouldn't waste my time purchasing this book. It doesn't contain much information. I wouldn't want this dictionary if it was given to me free. A regular dictionary may be better than this one.
Daily ritual: My son watches this on Netflix at least once a day. At age 27 months, he knows all his letters. I have the older LeapFrog videos, talking Letter Factory, Talking Words Factory, Code Word Caper, and the 2 older math DVD's and this new video is very similar in what it teaches but the format is clearer. It also adds new things like addressing first day of school jitters, animal families, and combines an intro to both letters and numbers. It is redundant if you have the old DVD's but it is presented in a different way which is useful in understanding letter sounds and counting.
needs improvement: Having taught Kindergarten for 9 years I can say that this video is cute but not as good as previous Leap Frog videos. The Letter Factory is a much better presentation of the letters with emphasis on letter sounds (needed to learn to read) vs. letter names. If you buy only one leap frog video I would recommend the Letter Factory video.
little leep leeped right into there hearts: I hve a daycare and the children are in love with little leep and his movies these are all a hit with them and me thnks
the best album: after hearing the song collide on radio I had to buy the cd and all the songs are great. I think he has one of the best vocals, I listen to it all the time I even had to go by more copys because it was worn out and scatch up.
wasted pages: The title promised an inside look and stoveside excursion into the heart of Africa. Two entire pages devoted to "How to Boil Corn" caused me to throw this dog out with grabage. Regretful purchase.....
Looking For an Echo: Interesting story line; music fantastic! If you love late 50's and early 60's music, you will enjoy this. Kenny Vance is as good as ever.
Not what my dad was looking for: Bad acting, b rated movie and not the storyline we thought it was going to totally follow. Similar to it, though.
Terrific selection and terrific artists for Saint-Saens: This is one of our favorite CDs - we bought it for the outstanding recording of Rhapsodie d'Auvergne which is a lovely piece - very well done, and found this to be a little gem of a CD - the Piano Concerto #1 is wonderful - see if you can pick up Danny Elfman's theme for the Batman movie in it. Collard is terrific - playing with a nimble passion.
LOOK CLOSELY!: Look closely at what you're ordering here. Very Very Misleading. The photo show a gallon of "Shed-Stop" for Dogs. What you are ordering is actually Shed Solution for Skin & Coat. These are different products.If you are used to using Shed Stop and like it and are looking to re-order it this is not the products.Ingredients are different. See other reviews saying the same. Hopefully Amazon will take it back as I didn't realize the old switcheroo until I went to open it.
Big, sweeping historical epic by a superior, literate writer: This is a huge book (780 pages in paperback) which sprawls across England and Ireland circa 650AD. It is a highly literate (Bragg is a prominent UK arts broadcaster) fictional exploration of Saint Bega and other real life characters set against the religion and politics of the time. It is very readable with plenty of action, believable characters and fascinating historical observation. It is however a big novel so strengthen those wrist muscles first!
Must have for any library.: Dr. Midell has produced a simple to read, simple to understand herbal. I recommend anyone and everyone who is intersted in herbs and herbal healing to have this book in their library.
what the hell is this: first off i'm mad at amazon.com for not having a slot for 1/2 a star. Because this album is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is by far the worst commercially released album i have ever heard. did anyone even listen to it when they mixed and mastered it????? I'm not going into how great they were in the 70's or how good the songs were in the 80's...cause it would only cheapen the experience..I'm totally mortified by this album .look at bands like the roots, a group that uses the sound of early kool and the gang to ROCK shows.. TOTAL dissapointment. dont EVER make another album please....
sick, hideous, and wrong: marilyn sells to the stupidity of the american audience. he is merely an act that focuses in on the troubled teens in america and around the globe. just when people begin to catch on, he changes his image so kids will want to discover his newest side, which requires buying his cd. he may be a good buisness man, but the image that he represents is one of disturbing self hatred. he just troubles more and more teens and continues to represent everything that america is not and will never be, that is, a hellish warzone filled with sick images of self hatred and self mutilation. everything that he represents is wrong and the less people that listen to his music the better. remember, at the end of the day, he takes of the makeup and counts the profits that he has made off of al those gullable teens while those same teens go home with thier built up self hatred formed from the angry lyrics of the sick, distorted man by whom we call by the equally sick name, manson.
Nothing new here: Book isn't worth the money, go the library and borrow a copy if you want to read it.
Crapfest 07: I am a huge harry potter fan, yet this game is the worst game I have ever played in my entire life.Graphics: Of course because it's on the wii the graphics are worse than the other systems and made me wish that I had bought the 360 version.Gameplay: Horrible, absolutely horrible, you don't have control after you cast the spells, targeting the item you want to cast a spell on is impossible because the targeting system auto-locks on the first thing it sees and wont let you choose something else unless if you turn away and look somewhere completely different than where your target is.Camera: The camera was made by a druggie with no programming experience. It is unmovable, and only goes at the angle it's supposed to be about 20% of the time. Moving on stairs is hard, casting spells is hard, and some times during conversations all you see is the gray from instead of the person you are talking to's head.Overall: This game will make you hate Harry Potter.
Better than Iridium, More Reliable and Cheap!: I can't express how good these plugs are. They are made by a reputable brand, NGK.I purchased Autolite Iridium plugs and they caused misfirings and were bent withing 300 miles. I didn't finish 1 tank of gas yet either.For my 1998 Honda Civic EX MT, I thought I was doing a good thing by replacing the wires and plugs with Boche premium spark plug wires and autolite iridium plugs, but all I got was misfiring, bent plugs, and Almost catastrophic engine failure. The wires didn't seat properly by design flaw and popped out of the valve cover at 70mph.I was honestly scared my car was going to blow up (no joke).NGK-R plugs are the best for a reason. Don't mess with iridium and their lofty claims. They caused me a heck of time with car problems and 15% mpg loss in 300 miles. Don't take the risk and F-up your car.
Bizet's greatest opera?: OK, maybe not. Having produced Carmen, one of the major theatrical works of the 19th century, The Pearl Fishers will probably never be considered Bizet's greatest work. Yet for sheer sensual beauty, it's hard to think of a work that can rival it. From the famous, knock-out duet for tenor & baritone in the first act to the rousing chorus that ends Act II, and the nostalgic return of the duet in the concluding scene, it's one gorgeous moment to the next. I bought this recording on the strength of other reviews here at Amazon: it's a fine document of a beautiful score.
This cds awesome: I like this cd very much, infact i bought one but it got scratched so i got another one. The only problem with this cd is that it doesnt have as very good as beats as songs like "Fight For Your Right" and "Time To Get Ill" but it is still a good cd.
Worth every penny: This is the first album i've ever bought for the beastie boys.I decided to check it out eventhough the reviews given to the album wasn't that encouraging.When i bought it,I was blown away bu their Music.I like 21 tracks out of the 22 songs on the album.I listen to it alot and highly recommend it to everyone.I can't wait to listen to Paul's Boutique which is recommended by many.An essential album in anyone's cd collection.A must have.
da bomb: I loved this cd. espacially intergalactic. I bought this cd and never stop listening to the cd it was tigggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhtttttt
They Are A Disgrace To All Of Hip Hop: This album is so awful that I sold it the day after I bought it. I think the Beastie Boys should go home to their mole hole... Beastie Boys get P.S. For some real Rap, go and purchase Juveniles' 400 Degrees.
Their best ever in my humble opinion.: I have fond memories associated with this album. It's my favorite Beastie Boys release by far. Quite a masterpiece really. Still holds up after all these years.
Not the best thing I ever heard, but not the worst.: I did not buy this CD. Actually, my brother did. He really likes the Beastie Boys, and I thought Why not listen to it? I did not expect anything, when I put in the CD. The first song really shocked me. How could anything be that bad? How could they expect anyone to listen to this? When the song starts, the bass is too loud. It reminded me of Michael Jackson playing a Nirvana or Metallica Song. The rest of the songs were a little better, but still not my style. After this experience, I do not think I will ever buy a Beastie Boys CD myself. Since it was not the worst CD I ever heard, I think it deserves 2 stars.
Swing, and a miss: Well, lets just say everyone gets old and loses a step. You can tell the Boys put a lot of work into this album, but I think the long break between albums took them out of the game. And they have never really recovered. The almost addicting styles of the former albums have been replaced with something that seems kind of forced, and never really hooks you. You want to like it, you really do, but the discrepancies in the sound and structure of the songs when compared to what made you like the previous albums so much, is too much to overcome. If this is your first B boys album, you will prob like it. But if you are more familiar with their previous four albums, Hello Nasty and all the albums that have followed so far, are not anywhere close to as good.
a most excellent album: the beastie boys have done it again.... they've created another good album. a variety of sounds are seen on this album, ranging from hip-hop to mellow to techno. it's refreshing! i suggest this album to anyone and everyone! a definte must buy!!
The Beastie Boys can never duplicate Paul's Boutique: In an attempt to return to their original hip-hop, old-school style the Beasties have put together a contrived and hasty album. The beats and the lyrics of "Hello Nasty" really never had a chance to live up to the expectations that listeneres would have for this record. The B-Boys need to stick to their old form which was what launched them to their stardom in the first place.
fantabulous: They still got it going. These guys will never go old. They got some fresh grooves for everyone to enjoy. I just can't stop listening to it !!!
boring: very uneven and uninspired.they try to take on to much.they still are a good group but this disc goes nowhere near there 80's highs.
Exellent Follow up to "Where Shadows Lie": This is an eclectic release with songs that range from mellow and melancholy, synthy and somewhat dancy to songs with punk elements. The music they create is timeless. Musically it sounds modern but the feelings and thoughts that they evoke are those that are universal. They are never political,angsty or whiney. The production is always exellent. The vocals are clear; With a voice like Andys there's no need to hide behind distortion. The music is straight from the heart; never pretentious. There are no mediocre tracks on this disk.! This is utterly flawless; very catchy and fun to sing along to.
Inflatable Poles: Tons of fun for about 10 minutes until the pole ripped the plactic and deflated. Then it wasn't much fun!
Waste of money!: Right out of the newspapers and inaccurate to boot! Just an effort to make a quick buck. Book is so thin that it makes a good coaster though!
From a non-*N Sync fan.: People who aren't fans of the pop group *N Sync may be wary, but let's face it -- collaborating with Nelly and The Neptunes led to a song that is undeniably danceable. The unique staccato beats, the vocal arrangement interspersed with rap, and the positive lyrics make this the one (perhaps only?) *N Sync song that is relatively "safe," even for those who proudly denounce any melody that arises from the pop manufacturing company. Here's one single worth buying. If they released more songs along these lines, they would garner a whole new fan base.
You will be sore!: Such a great workout! Guaranteed to make you sweat and feel sore! Great workout DVD and you feel great afterwards.
This will get the results!: My biggest trouble area is the whole stomach, hips, and thigh area. Workout one starts at all those basics that you know help (old school mat work) and staying on that for a couple of weeks is recommended before advancing to level 2 and 3. You will need a chair for those levels and oh does it hurt! With that said, I am getting a good workout focusing on my problem area and as much as I love all her DVD's, and I do all of her workouts, I love this one for the focus. I used to do those Buns of "you know what" workouts back in the 90's and this is 10 times better and you're getting your cardio in as well.
Great workout: Jillian Michaels is slightly obnoxious in this DVD because of people evidently saying her workouts aren't difficult enough. That may drive you crazy but that being said the DVD is a really great workout. I've done levels one and two and both are difficult. One thing I will say is that Jillian gives you the name of the exercise but doesn't do "an example" to show you how to perform it. For beginners who don't know the exercise lingo it may be hard to keep up. Also, at the end of level one she does stretches but not necessarily for your hips so I always stretch my hips out after the DVD is over. She does throw in a hip/butt stretch at the end of level two which is good. My butt is already perkier (for lack of better word) after a few workouts.
Read the Recommendation before you begin!: I got cocky and started with Level 2. Big Mistake. You can't really follow through since she goes by the moves quickly (some of the moves were new to me).I ended up getting irritated half way through the workout and wasted a workout day.So - Read the Recommendation and Do level 1 first!A note about her 'twitter' comment - I understand that she wants to get the message out to people that if the workout was too easy, they probably need to increase the resistance. But it could have been phrased in a different way. I don't care personally - after all she is human. But it does distract you from the workout for just a sec.Word of warning - It is Hard on the knees! If you have a knee injury of any kind, be very very careful. The workout is hard and does what it promises, and thats why it gets 5 stars.
Yoga Zone:music for yoga practice: When searching for music to practice Yoga at home I was lucky enough to find this CD and one other hard to find CD ... I was very happy when I listened to this CD, this music makes the flow of Yoga positions very easy, and soothing for meditating. I highly recommend this CD for your Yoga music collection. This was my first time buying from AMAZON.COM and will continue to look here first when looking for the hard to find items. It was diffenently worth the money!Sincerely, Kim ...
Ah To Be In England In The Spring...: This charming, old-fashioned novel is by the author of "101 Dalmations." I enjoyed it greatly and feel that it would be most appreciated by romantic teenage girls and ladies who remember it from their childhood. It is a sweet tale of a family very similar in nature to the family in George S. Kaufmann's "You Can't Take It With You."However, I did find the plotline regarding the lovelives of the sisters to be trite and taken directly from the melodramas of the 1930's and 40's. It is a sweet book, but there isn't anything new or unexpected in the story.
A perfect piece of literature...: From the moment I first picked up this novel, I simply could not put it down. I instantly fell in love with Dodie Smith's style of writing. She describes the characters and the setting so well that you feel as if you are inside the book rather than reading it. What makes this book so great is that by the time you are finished you feel as if each character was a long lost friend and you feel so sad that the book has ended. This is definately a book that I will read again and again in the future, and I will most definately cherish it forever.
I have fallen in love with this book!: Well, everyone in the other reviews has done a good job of decribing it, but would just like to say that this is the best book I have read since last summer. I am ashamed to say that i have fallen in love with Stephen, if it's possible to fall in love with someone who doesn't exist. Read the book and see what I mean! I can't say I enjoyeed the ending quite so much, but i admit it was the only sensible way to end it.
Every young woman with romance in her heart should read this: This is a book you will read many times through your life. There is joy, sorrow. and humor. You will always be happy to have read this book. Try to find the author's other books- 'It Ends With Revalations', 'A Tale of Two Families','The New Moon With The Old', 'The Town In Bloom', and, of course, 'The One Hundred and One Dalmatians'.
Not captured enough: I know plenty of people will disagree with me, but I felt this book was a bit too predicable. I must say, I've finished reading Lord of the Rings, and after that experience, I don't think any book will be able to live up to it.I Capture the Castle was interesting enough to keep reading on, but it took quite a while to get into. It was predictable, like a historical drama. The characters were charming at first, but then they grew annoying.The ending left me a bit baffled. It left a little to be desired, and I felt it was rushed. It's like looking at the menu, and something sounds and looks appealing- but then when you taste it, it hasn't lived up to your expectations. But you hope to adapt a taste for it later. And when you don't, you're left with disappointment.
Very Disappointed!: I was very disappointed with this book. First of all, do not believe all the reviews that you hear about it. It is very, very easy. There are a lot of pieces that most people have never heard of and the arrangements do not sound like the songs. I think the book was written poorly. The only piece worth playing is "Still, Still, Still" which no one even knows anyway. I would not recommend this book to anyone, it is NOT worth the money.
The Decorative Art of Leon Bakst: I've been doing art for about 3 years now and recently started drawing dancers. So this book was great as a resource for costume drawing. A bit wild, but really interesting.
informative: After reading the little book lots of times I got the hang of it. I still have to refer back and forth to the rear cover to read the codes for publishers. I use it all the time.
Pocket Guide to Identification of First Editions: This latest edition of the Guide is bigger and better than ever, while remaining an actual "pocket" sized book. As always, it is an extremely helpful and easy-to-use tool for book collectors and sellers in determining the actual value of any book. Highly recommended.
My bad: Because I love the Agatha series and Hamish books by M.C. Beaton, I thought I'd love this book. Her awesome writing really shines through, but not being a fan of romances this book did nothing for me at all.
Lady Fortescue Steps Out: I enjoyed all the individual characters, each had well drawn unique personalities. The ending was a bit predictable. Quick read.
Average: This compilation is not bad, and is not good. It's average. Here is too many songs from Pies Descalzos and Donde Estan Los Ladrones?. They could put here more songs from Laundry Service. I don't recommend to buy it. It's only for die-hard fans.
this book is great!!: This is the first book by P. C. Wrede that I ever read, and it is also the one that hooked me on fantasy. Wrede's characters are believeable and full of surprises. Her style of writing is gripping but still adds comic releaf through actions and characters. If you've never read fantasy and think it just sounds dumb give this book a try. You might be just as surprised as I was.
I love Dealing With Dragons!: I had heard of this book. I wasn't sure at first which book was first, and I have a determined stubborn habit, of not reading books in the middle. So I waited til I figured which book was first in this series. I was hooked from the first page.I love this heroine! I love stories with food in it, so you can use all your senses. I love stories with magic in it, and I like stories in which the protaganist is a strong female.I have read and purchased my own copies of all the books to Talking to Dragons. I can't wait to read more, including the Book of Enchantments.
Dealing with Dragons: If you like the fantisy type you'll love this book. The story is really interesting with many twists to keep you on the edge of your seat. This book incudes a princess who is unhappy with her life and runs away to find something more. Along her way she meets many creatures like a witch, wizard, dragon, and a really powerful dragon. This powerful dragon's name is Kazul and her new friends tell her all the things she will need to know to keep her going and help her on the way.I think this book was worth my time and would give it five stars but I have read a couple other good books. With four stars this book kept me interested enouph to make me want to read sequel, if it had one.
Wonderful Story! One of my favorites: A princess runs away to find a better life away from all the proper behavior in her castle. She finds dragons caves and becomes a dragons princess and quite enjoyed it, although she has to chase off all the knights and princes trying to rescue her. But as she always shes "I don't want to be rescued." This is a fun and adventurous book. I recommend this series to anyone who likes action, excitement and dragons!
"I'd rather be eaten by a dragon...": That's what Cimorene says when she hears she's being married off to this boring empty-headed prince who only cares about swords and tournements. A nearby talking frog hears her and asks her what she is going to do about it, and gives her advice.From the very first page, Patricia C. Wrede had me enthralled and wanting to read more. The first page describes Cimorene's castle, all of the perfectly normal things that happened there, and then the page ends with, "And Cimorene hated it."This is a great book for girls. Not a guy-hating feminist book, but a story about a strong-willed, brave, loyal, clever girl and her adventures and friends she meets, about how she will not let any world confine her.Not only that, but it's a great funny story poking a little fun at traditional fairy stories. All of these books are great, Read them all! I especially like the third book narrated by the witch who can understand her cats. THe author really knows how cats think!
Great Tale !: Cimorene was a bit out of line compared to her other sisters. Although she was pretty enough, she acted as UN-princesslike as she could. Cimorene found all of her regular lessons extremely boring and she was more interested in fencing, magic, and cooking. All three of which her parents banned.Then her parents forced her to wed Prince Therandil.(Cimorene said, she would rather be eaten whole by a dragon) So Cimorene ran away. Guess what she found? Dragons! Cimorene became Kazul's (the lady dragon) princess and found her new life much more fitting. Cimorene gets new friends, new fiends, and a cunning mystery to solve.
book on tape Dealing with Dragons: We loved listening to this book. The kids were totally into the characters, even though it was above their reading level. We need to revisit the series, for my reader, and other listeners in the house!
This is a horrible ripoff!: Metallica doing Thin Lizzy? I guess that once the creative well runs dry, as Metallica's has during the 90s, then you have to turn to butchering other people's tunes to make you look like you still care about your roots. This is horrible, as is what used to be my favorite band. Pass this one up!!
This CD is an outright lie!: The record company that put this CD out is telling an outright lie to the customers. The CD "supposedly" contains the original recordings of Judy's greatest hits. However, the songs on this CD are definitely NOT the original recordings!!! These are not the original hits which are played on the radio, and which appear on Judy's original albums. I've been listening to the music of Judy Torres for many years, and I know that these are not the same recordings that were on Judy's original singles and albums. The versions on this album are re-recorded versions done by Judy Torres. The songs don't sound bad (except for the extra-heavy echo), but they ARE NOT the original hit recordings.
Read at least 4 examples: What you see is abnormal writing. The well-being in special, normal and common writing is not here. Wittgenstein did something else. What did he do?
Not worth your money: We thought that since this product was made out of canvas fire hose material, it would be tough and durable. Not so--our 2 dachshunds managed to rip off an edge on each of their separate toys within minutes of play, rendering their toys useless. The squeaker on one never really worked, and the other stopped working almost immediately. So we might as well have thrown the money for these 2 toys in the trash, since the toys went there in less than a day's time.
Better than most: Out 18 month old dog typically chews toys into pieces in < a minute, thus although he got inside on one edge within 10 minutes, the toy kept going for days. Thus, although not the long lasting toy I want/need, it has held up better than most. Our had two squeakers and he loves finder them and crushing them.
Not very strong or durable at all: I've yet to find a soft dog toy that my Springer Spaniel won't destroy. I bought a few of these hoping they would work. My dog did love them, but he had the first one shredded within minutes of me giving it to him. It's not like I have some supper dog - he's only 45 pounds, but he had no problem chewing right through them.If you're dog isn't a big chewer then these would be a good toy, but if he chews through everything you've given him - this will be no different.
Great for Biologists: Extensive keys, moderately technical but illustrated, and with a glossary. Each fish has a short description, range map within the Great Lakes Region, description of range beyond the Great lakes, habitat, and black and white photo. Colour plates, a mix of photos and drawings, at the end of the book. Appendix with "Diagnostic shapes and pigment patterns of larvae of some species." This will be of interest to students of biology and those who are really interested in fish of teh region.
Dissapoint for this book: I read the recommendation from Amazon, who recommend reader to buy "Lonely planet island" and "Lonely Planet Greece" together.However, I found the book of " Greece" is enough!! Because you can find enough information of islands in the book of "Greece", you needn't to buy the book of "Greek Island" again! I am not happy for the recommendation from Amazon, which is difficult for me to trust it again!
Not just for Christmas: I have been listening to this album for almost 10 years. I wore out my tape copy from constantly studying to it in college and had to replace it with a CD. It is wonderful all year, not just at Christmas. Everytime I play it someone always requests a copy. Everyone is correct about the first track being nearly inaudible at first, but the rest is so good that it is just a minor annoyance. This album has all the old favorites the way they were originally heard and the way the composer intended them to sound. Absolutely not commercialized.
Dangerous Product!!!: I purchased the Vtech 2421 as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. It worked for 3 days and then stopped. She then let it charge for 24 hours before attempting to use it again and when she tried, it was so overheated the handset just about burned her hand! I returned the product. Only wish there was a 0-star rating.
V-Tech expandable phones: I have this set. I actually have the base one with 2 expandables. I love it, works well. I have an apartment with only 1 good jack. So this helps me to have a phone in just about every room. You can even replace them on the others handset with no problems.
Grat success for an awful playing: Why is this low level saxophonist so well-succeeded with famous cd-labels? It's a mystery, but maybe because he has good and well-placed friends. Anyway, it's a very bad playing, a poor sound, a vulgar technique, and I won't waste my time talking about interpretation, 'cause there isn't any. I own this CD and I find it very useful to show students how they shouldn't play. Or how a great company like EMI can have such bad recordings (hear the Glazunov's cadenza, for instance). For his fans, I can recommend hearing people like Fourmeau, Delangle, or some young saxophonists like Vincent David and Alexandre Doisy, or, if you don't like french saxophonists, you may try Bornkamp (dutch), Sugawa (japanese), Rousseau, Murphy (american), among many others from various countries who really know how to make music with the saxophone.
There are really good classical saxophonists, too, you know?: It's very important that people know there's much more in saxophone music than jazz and rock music. But there are better ways of doing it than John Harle's cold and empty playing. It's a pitty, with such a good orchestra.
Awesome: I have a tub that is about 6 inches higher than a normal tub so I use this every bath time and it saves my knees and elbows!!! I just store it in the tub when I'm not using it. I highly recommend this product.
Purchased on-line, no weight limit listed: My post baby weight was over 200lbs, if you are over 200 lbs, this is not for you. I was only a few pounds over that so I thought "it will be safe". Err! Wrong answer, I cracked the kneeler portion. What a blow to the postpartum ego.
Mesmerised, enthralled @ captivated: I will be 70 in three weeks and in that time I have never read any book or books by any writer that has ever held me " in the ready to defend myself while reading ". I have many times while reading ERB books found myself at a point of feeling the excitement and the emotion of the moment, to the extent of having my hand knotted-up as if I were holding a sward and fighting for my life. He has such a way with words that he brings the moment alive in your mind. I love to read any of his books above any other writer. I have many other writers in my collection, but ERB is FIRST in my opinion. Now my opinion and $.50 might get you a cup of coffee don't you know.
Great book!: Another great book in this series. I had never read any of Burrough's books before starting this series, and am not really a fan of SF, but this series and this book really kept me interested. Try the series, even thoigh they are older books, they are excellent.
One of the great, "forgotten" albums of the 1960's.: "Death Walks Behind You" was I think the second album by Atomic Rooster; the first U. S. release. (Their first album, "Atomic Roooster," featured a very young Carl Palmer on drums). That album and "Death..." are excellent, the latter being one of the most influential, but now largely forgotten albums of its time. Later AR studio albums are very weak by comparison. If you have to own one, "Death" is the best. Great stereo channel separation on several tracks -- good old-fashioned headphone music.
Standardized beauty: 2 1/2Not an entirely unsuccessful disc of pop-rock from these sensitive Swedes, but one that feels oppressively boxed in by a wealth of predictable patterns and mid-tempo mush, whereas only the smallest fraction of melodies sneak past generic, mainly within the last few tracks.
We do like kent: Yes. this is like good music...swedish music, with english lyrics, ..weird, but better than most bands who plays bad music. I would say, the main difference between those other bad bands and Kent-the good band is that Kent makes pretty good music that feels good listening to, and that's what music is about.
you dont know what you're missing: certainly a great sounding band... kind of like a mix between radiohead, the verve, and maybe some embrace. brilliant. why havent they done more in english????
Thank god, no astaire or kelly singing on this one: This was a great listen and it was finally nice to hear trained singers doing Porter. Can't stand it when I hear a lilting Porter song in an MGM film and then Astaire or Gene Kelly decide to try and sing it, usually off key, and end up slaughtering the number. Great to hear some of the old stuff and different takes on other standards.
World Class!: This is by far the best book on this topic. Hard to live up to theblurbs,but this book did it and then some! (Most books have 3-5 blurbs on thecover -- this one has over 25 on the cover and inside pages from anumber ofAPA presidents, some of the biggest names in the field, and people whohavespent their careers "in the trenches" and know what it takes to buildandgrow a therapy practice.) The 15 appendixes with formal guidelinesfromAPA, CPA, etc., alone would be worth the price of this book, but itgivesyou *practical* guidance on how to do everything from making a businessplan, finding an attorney, finding malpractice insurance, finding anoffice,and finding clients, to self-care, how to respond to formal complaintsandlaw suits, how to use computers and the internet, and how to prepare aprofessional will. If you're in practice or want to be, this is THEbook!
I love this book: This is a book I read over and over again. I picked it up the for the first time when I was 15 years old. It was required reading in English class. Being a cynical teenager, I balked at it at first. As the class got into reading it, I was totally taken with the complex story line. I loved it. It is one of the best books I ever read and reread. A few years ago, I mentioned it to an English teacher who jokingly asked me to "compare and contrast the moral revelation between Scrooge in a Christmas Carol and Silas Marner". Well I replied, Scrooge changed his ways and realized what was important by being confronted with the unlikely encounter with the supernaternal; Silas Marner came to his realization through "bad eyesight". My answer brought much laughter, which of course was my intention. Read this book and love it.
Book Review for English class.: do not recommend this book to anybody for a number of reasons. First of all, it is very boring and reading can become extremely tedious at some points. The storyline and plot is actually very interesting, but I think that if Eliot had presented it in a less descriptive and detailed way, it could have been much easier for a larger spectrum of readers to comprehend the messages she was attempting to transcribe through this story. This is definitely a selection that should be avoided by and young reader with any lack in patience or determination. This book is aimed much more towards scholars, historians, and English teachers.
Well written but can we say rambling and slow???: This book has no point! George Eliot was a great author and wrote it really well, but seems not to have put any sparkle in it! I'm being forced to read this in high-school and it is the dumbest thing I have ever read. If you want to find out about English life in that time, this book is worth a glance, but don't pay for it.just borrow from the library. Oh, and fix the adult form!!!!!! I'm 16 and can't login.
I hate this book: This is one of the worst books I have ever read. The entire thing is practically one long sentence.
Well written book: This book explores the best and worst of human nature in people, when they are at their highest and when they are at their lowest points in life. Marner also writes about the good nature in others that can develop after ones worst moments in life. I really enjoyed this book and hope others will to.-Tipcat
great writer, insignificant book: If compared to Eliot's best (Middlemarch, Mill on the Floss), Silas Marner is almost a disgrace. The brilliant literary style of Eliot seems all but gone, and the story could have easily been dispensed with in a form of a short story. The story, taken on its own, is heart-warming. But there is so much "background noise" to contend with. Overall this book should be a definite miss, even for Eliot fans (like me!).In addition I'm quite surprised this novel is used as part of the English literature curriculum in many schools (here in England at least). I feel sorry for those young minds having to wade through this. I hope schools will choose Mill on the Floss instead despite its length.
Sluggish at best: I couldn't bear reading this book for long periods of time because I would fall asleep. It does have a theme and a moral, although a seemingly generic one at that. I don't want to overly influence anyone's decision to read this book, but think twice if you don't like extremely slow moving books.
Ah, Robert Bloom...: Robert Bloom's lyrical phrasing is very evident here. The recording quality is not so good, but the disk is worth having, especially for anyone who remembers the Bach Aria Group in its first incarnation from the late 1940's through '60's I think. The group also featured the terrific flutist Julius Baker, who was also principal flute in the New York Philharmonic, the violinist Maurice Wilk, and the cellist Bernard Greenhouse. I would love to find some reissues of their 1950's LPs but haven't been able.
Don't Buy: This thing couldn't find a stud if it were placed on top of one without a wall seperating it. I get readings all over a wall like there are studs everywhere. A true piece of junk. I followed the instructions and nothing worked. The only reason I give it one star is because I can't give it a "no star".
Songbird: I absolutely love this CD. It took me forever to find it and was lucky to locate it at Amazon. It arrived in perfect condition! I may need to get it again soon as I listen to it so often!
ALL OF JOHN WAYNE'S LONE STAR-MADE WESTERNS ARE THE SAME: A YOUNG MAN NAMED RANDY [JOHN WAYNE] GETS ACCUSED OF MURDER WHEN HE WALKS INTO A CORPSE-FILLED SALOON. AFTER A WOMAN HELPS BUST HIM OUT OF PRISON, HE GOES ON A QUEST TO FIND THE REAL KILLERS AND CLEAR HIS NAME. IF IT HAD MOVED FASTER, I WOULD'VE DEFINITELY LIKED IT MORE. BUT, SINCE IT HAD TO BE HEAVY ON DIALOGUE ON SHORT ON ACTION, THIS WESTERN FAILS. JOHN WAYNE REALLY SAVED THIS ONE.
secondhand !: The translator that i recieved , although bought new was obviously second hand ! I tdid not arrive in its original packaging , did not have a battery protector , so God knows how old that is and had a dirty screen and scuff marks on it !I had to have it sent to my daughters in USA as for some reason it couldnt be sent to Spain . Very poor altogether.
not what I thought it was: I needed a translator because I am attending Spanish language school in Central America. I bought this and thought it would be good for what I needed it for. I regret buying it, it hasn't been helpful to me. I got SpanishDict for my ipod and think it's heaps better. I wish I could return this product, but unfortunately, I'm living out of the country now.
Translator: Product was just as describe, Good fast service, I would buy another if need so. Nice product for the price.
Just what I needed: This charger is just what I needed for my Garmin Street Pilot c550. I was tired of turning on my computer just to charge the GPS after a long drive. This just plugs into the power socket and charges the device very quickly. You can also use the device while it is charging. One month old and I'm very happy with it.
Order a larger size!: I ordered a 36 because I wear 36 Levis and I have to use the very last hole on the belt. I should have ordered a 38, to fit properly. Got one from Dvor for 22 bucks, but all they had on sale was the 36, so I'll keep the one I have and drop a few pounds. Really, order the size 2 inches up from your actual waist size or you will be using the very last hole. The belt is very nice, good looking and able to support your gear. Very fine quality.
This is the book I was looking for: With all the UML/OOP books on the market none of them are of a "modeling to coding" style - until now. Jacquie Barker explains concepts very well (something that is very difficult to do especially with Java/OO). And this book will show you how to model, and map that model to code using a real world project. I enjoyed reading this book very much.
Big disappointment: I got this book and went through it before I took a Java programing class because the premsie of it is that you should learn object design before programing language. Without a knowledge of Java, I found it very hard to understand the OO concepts as presented in this title and would not recommend it as an OO book unless maybe you already know the language.
Good explanations but a faulty premise: Being new to both Java and OO, I thought this would be the good book for me because the author says that you should read her book before a beginning Java book like Beg Java 2 or Thinking In Java. She is wrong! I tried and struggle very much with OO until I went and read beginner Java book and then read this book again. This is not to surprising when I think of it. Would you try to teach a child grammar before they can talk? Even the WROX book tree on FatBrain shows that you should read their Beg Java 2 book before this one, but the author says different. I think you should though that is just my opinion.
It shows you the picture on the box: Many books give you the pieces of the puzzle, but Jacquie Barker's Beginning Java Objects shows you the picture on the box. If you want to learn Java, this is the book you should read first.
Endangered Feces: I got this out of the $5 bin at Wal-Mart. It was worth every penny and less. Lorenzo Lamas's career has managed to dig below its nadir. to. In a career of bad project choices I think that Lorenzo Lamas has reached his peak. I'll bet Steven Sagal passed on this. Did I say passed? I meant to spell it with an "i." The dialogue was Gawd-Awful. There were chunks of exposition that were there just to fill in the backstory for viewers. It must have been as excruciating to act in this embarrassment of a film as it was to watch. Doctor Frankenstein couldn't bring this script to life. I have training in hazmat and even I wouldn't approach this if I knew how toxic it was.
Pathetic: Couldn't pay me $18.49 to own this. If you want Hollywood to up the quality level of movie entertainment, please don't endorse something that is obviously such trash.Watching a documentary on how & why this movie was made would have more redeeming qualities and probably be alot more interesting.
What a piece of junk: Lets get a very poor computer simulation of a giant shark jumping out of the water and bring down a commercial 737 airplane. Wow!!!!SURE LOOKED REAL TO ME. Everything in this movie is bad except Debbie Gibson (She's pretty) but she can't act. She should have stuck to singing. Lorenzo Lamas must have had some important bills to pay and was desperate for money. Why else would he or anyone else want to be in this trash can of a film. You want to see the movie. Look at the cover. That's about as good as it gets
excellent: I have 20 years with something like this, so I bought one for my wife for those moments of electrical failures, travel and everyday use at night, excellent durability and high power lighting, flashlights, my favorite brand ...
Great Product: Great product. I have used Nivea cartridges for my Norelco shaver for 10 years. Couldn't live without it.
Poetry for everyone: This was a wonderful collection. I read it all the way through at once and then went back and read each poem more slowly. They were all good and I espically enjoyed "Light at the End," "Green Eyed Blues," "Killer," "Dinner Table Story," and "Cemetery Girl." You should buy this book!
The Catastrophist represents the new wave of Irish writers.: Ronan Bennet has written an Irish classic. It is not Joyce's "Ulysses" nor does it even remotely resemble "Angela's Ashes". There is no famine or sectarian violence but rather the heart and soul of the Irish diaspora. The famine and troubles of Ireland are evident in the narrator's soul as his internecine relationship with his Communist lover spins wildly out of control. The historical background of the Congolese civil war provides a palpable feel to the book. His search and pursuit of his lover into Patrice Lumamba's Congo is not contrived. I would recommend this book to anyone and I hope that Ronan Bennet writes another soon.
Junk: Wretched little ditties by Cutesy-Pie Paulie, puffed up by a competent arranger into a bloated mess. McCartney may be the most overrated musician of all time.
Great Ideas!: Great ideas although the one project I wanted to do which was the beveled glass ornaments looked simple enough but, no matter what craft store I went to you couldn't find beveled glass. I really was looking forward to making those ornaments for Christmas gifts. I may just stick with the candles.
Poorly Made: My 3yr olds broke this toy the by the end of christmas day. The microphone stand snapped off and the seat doesnt hold up to movement while sitting on it. You'd think the manufacturer would realize 3-6yr olds dont sit still.
Broken almost out of the box: The microphone stand broke at the joint the first time a kid over the age of three touched it. I would rather visit the dentist for a root canal than have to deal with Kids Station customer service again. There is no way to order the part online or over the phone - requests have to be sent in in writing, even for non-warranty replacements. The customer service department is unhelpful and extremely hostile. Little Tykes should seriously consider refusing to license any more Kids Station products until A) they become durable enough to withstand kids playing with them, or B) Kids Station gets their act together regarding their customer service.The microphone stand is poorly designed - it has ratcheting teeth that tighten to the point that a 5-year-old girl attempting to adjust the microphone stand managed to snap the stand in half before the teeth ratcheted.
Awesome toy!: My boys, just turned 3 years old and the other is 15 months, LOVE this toy!! It has tons of different sounds, beats, tones, instruments, songs, etc., to play along with or just listen to. The microphone is also a HUGE hit. My oldest son is in speech therapy for articulation problems so I'm hoping this will help him maybe listen to his voice a bit more.The only downside so far is the durability. The day after they received this gift from grandma the microphone stand got broken. It's still usable and I plan to hot glue it back on.
Broken Mic and Mic Stand: Agree with all other reviews. Kid enjoys the keyboard but also gets frustrated when the glued together mic stand breaks again and again...the mic itself only works intermittently...this also causes frustration. This would get a 1 star but because she enjoys it for the brief moments that it works and before the mic stand collapses, I am generously giving 2 stars.
I can't believe this is a little tikes product: This is the worst little tikes item I have ever purchased. I don't care if it only cost $30. With a name like little tikes you expect a lot better quality than this. We own many, many other tikes product and were sorely disappointed by the cheap construction. The mic handle broke the very first time my son touched it. Do you know how frustrating a broken toy is on Christmas morning? Try explaining to your child that you have to go back to get a new one.
died fast: I got this drive with other components as I put together my home PC. The drive worked great for ~6 months and then it just died. I could not burn anything but coasters, although it can read anything you put in it.After trying all kind of suggestions, even opening up the drive and do an internal cleaning and lubricating of the mechanisms, it was a no go, so I just got another drive (different brand) from a local store. Maybe I got a bad unit.
Tasty: I didn't realize "plus" was higher in fat and calories, so be sure you need the extra calories (which I don't). Regardless, delicious and nutritious and dairy free. And satisfying. These hold me over to my next meal.
Very Nice: This CD falls somewhere between pop and pop-rock. Easy listening, fun, bright music that really takes you back to those favourite moments early in the series. I wish they would do a soundtrack for each season! I really recommend it!
Best lube ever!: This lube is great for any purpose. My wife and I love it. What makes it perfect is it isn't sticky at all, in fact you could kind of compare it to lotion in the fact that it kind of just disopears on its own over time. It isn't a sticky mess like other lubes. But it is still very slippery and lasts a long time.
Snowflake Bentley was a remarkable man!: I ran across a book of "Snowflake Bentley" snowflakes many years ago. Imagine staying outside in the cold, taking picture of freshly fallen snowflakes, making sure that each tiny flake doesn't get destroyed while having it's picture taken, and with an old- fashioned camera. I was so impressed, then, and was thrilled to see it offered on Amazon these many years later. It is always there for me to look at, front and center, in my little library.
Tough read, but an important one.: I found this book difficult to get through at times, but when ever I thought about when it was published I just kept going. I'm glad that I finished it. It is an important milestone in the publication of literature focusing on a realistic lesbian relationship. I highly recommend this book to anyone, especially lesbians. It gives one an idea of how far we have come in achieving equal rights for everyone regardless of sexual orientation. We still have a long way to go, but we need to keep in mind where we have been.
Decorate Your Garden: Lots of gorgeous color photos showing ways to spice up your garden with objects such as steel wire garden furniture, mirrors, and other unique items. What fun. -Linda Fry Kenzle, author of Gathering
Digimon World Official Guide, Good only....: I have had this guide for a few weeks and I like it. The information is correct. (And that's allot more then I can say for *any* Brady Games guide.) Only the charts and maps are rather hard to understand. The Digivolution Chart is *very* confusing. I got so confused trying to understand them that I had to just wing it and hope I got the Digimon I wanted (and or needed). The Digimon Data chart is very nice. Easy to understand and not confusing. My only complaint are the maps and Digivolution chart. Other then that this is a great book with allot of Info. If your stuck in the game buy it. If you want to know all the items buy it. If you just want it to play the game buy it! Its great!
On and On it Goes, Where it Ends, Nobody Knows: One of the most unlikeable female characters I've come across. The story is like a mind game, on and on with no depth or gravity, or perhaps better said, no soul. Not for my tastes.
Unreliable Junk...: I bought this unit about a year and a half ago, and have so far gone through 3 handsets, and the latest one has also failed. The handsets would lock up, and become unusable, and recently, they only hold a charge that allows about 15 minutes of talk time. The buttons sometimes would not work, and required excessive pressing to get the button to register. My suggestion is to steer away from this product... it's obvious that many bugs exist, and not a lot of thought was put into it's design and reliability. I'm not impressed by this Siemen's phone at all.
Great phone if you alienating your friends: I have the 2402 with one additional handset. I thought this system was the best thing since sliced bread until one day, about a month after buying the system, the audio on one of the handsets started going in and out. At first it was only once in a while and then it started happening all the time. A month or so later the second phone started doing the same thing. I sent both handsets back to Siemens and received two replacement units. One of the handsets has the same problem and the other one works most of the time.After reading the other reviews I realized that I was not alone. Some people claim that they have no problems while others think this system is terrible. The best I can say is that it seems to be a roll of the dice.It's obvious that Siemens rushed this system out into the market without even the most basic testing. I'll never buy another Siemens cordless phone again.
great product, unfortunately faulty: I've had my 2402 for almost 3 years. I have two handsets anduse them both frequently. Siemens has replaced both handsets atleast once each.After 10-12 months of use the phones consistently develop thewarbling in and out problem that seems to be common with thissystem. They refuse to admit there is a problem.I have a friend with the same system with 2 handsets. Hehas also replaced his handsets at least once.I just made a final call to Siemens, they told me to upgrade totheir latest phone. Fat chance considering I'm already intoSiemens phones for $300 and they have failed prematurely.It's unfortunate as this is a great system overall. It justseems to be fatally flawed.I will _not_ buy another Siemens product.
Deborah, what were you thinking???: First of all let me state that I am not hating.....Deborah Cox has one of the strongest, most beautiful voices in humanity. Deborah, however, chose to work with some lackluster producers. All the songs that don't sound like they were done on a 1987 Casio keyboard sounded like demos that never should have made the final production. Deborah has the potential to be bigger than life, but not when she is choosing god-awful tracks. The defining characteristic that takes words and sounds and turns them into music and art is the mood that you are left in after you've heard it. The songs on this album are particularly bland and leave me with nothing but a feeling of disappointment. Maybe next time, Deborah. Be a little more picky.
Great magazine, but don't buy through Amazon: I just ordered this magazine directly from Cross Stitch Gold and paid $29.95 for a 1-year subscription. Why in the world would Amazon charge over three times as much for the same product??
THIS BOOK ROCKS, BIG-TIME!: If you're into the stars, you've gotta read this book! I don't know if the author's a witch or something, but she really knows what I'm like, inside and out! I lent this book to my g-friend who knew absolutely zero about astrology and now she doesn't want to give it back to me! Help!!! Lots of books are kind of a drag...like a school assignment. But this one's fun to read. And the writer said that Libra and Leo are a match made in heaven. YEAH!!!!!!!!!!
totally aquarius: i knew this book was good because i am aquarius and it said real and good stuff about me.and also about my friend who is a cancer and a libra.
Dont waste your time it aint as good as you may imagine: First of all i thought this was a good album. I liked the singles Gimmie the light and Get Busy but that was about it.I was under the impression that with 20 tracks and a good beat this may be a good album guess i was wrong cause these layed out songs will put you to sleep my advice is to not buy this load of crap and download the singles cause that is the only thing good bout this cd and this is the truth.
Good Breakthrough Effort: If you like contemporary Dancehall music you won't regret picking up this album. Its fun to listen to, with the megahit "Gimme The Light" as the centerpiece. But I wouldn't buy an album unless it has at least four wicked tracks. "Like Glue", "Concrete", "Can You Do The Work", "My Name" and "Punkie" more than qualifies it. "Street Respect", "Esa Loca" with Tony Touch and his Spanish remix of "Punkie" are good too. The surprising disappointment was the Neptunes-produced track.I still think his first album Stage One was slightly better but this one is defintitely worth getting. This could be the beginning of a very fruitful career.
Umm: Yeah... usually if you wanna be a success in US you'd wanna know how to fully speak English first...
YOU ARE NOT BLACK SEAN PAUL!!!: I get so sick and tired of all these wiggers that are coming out of the woodwork now adays.This no talent loser is the justin timberlake of reggae.This album is boring and sean pauls voice truly annoys me.There are no good songs on here and it plainly sucks.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!!!
this cd is awesome: i dont understand why people are sayin anything bad about this cd. if you buy it, you know you arent gonna be able to understand everything. the songs they play on the radio arent even very clear. so what do you expect? its a great cd, has good beats. one of the best cds i have bought. so check it out.
WACK WACK WACK: This guy is not Hiphop he is an embarasment to the world of Hiphop. I am beyond tired with Daddy Yankit, Shawn Poo and all of these other wanabe reggae latin crap rip off artists. this guys voice is just one party reefer stripclub monotone through out the entire album. this CD has absolutely NO lyrical content. dont even get me started on the music because every song on this album sounds exactly the same. Bob Marley is probably turning in his grave. 0 stars
This is NOT Reggae: This is NO Reggae. Benes Hammond is real Reggae, Bobby Marley is REAL Reggae, and Morgan Heritage is real Reggae. This is a no-talent wannabe Reggae singer (if that's what you call what he does...). This album is aimed at upper-class suburban White kids who don't know what Reggae is and urban-dwellers who will listen to anything. His best sing was "I'm Still In Love" and that was only because Sasha could sing half well.My recommendation?:He should join forces with Britney Spears, Lumidee, and J-Lo and maybe together they could produce an album worth 1 1/2 stars.
Another Must Have: Expensive, yes. But if you make your living with tools, this one pays for itself in no time. This is one of those tools that most people wonder what the heck will I do with this $400.00 plus tool set. Once you have it, you'll be using it all the time. Yes the e cut blades are outrageously expensive, I've bee making my own by cutting miter box saw blades and push/pull blades and welding them to a 1/16" piece of metal that I bend & drill to match the mounting shoulder on the tool.Each blade takes about 10 minutes to make & I can make about 15 blades for under $20.00. The flush cut blade works better than the Bosch Fine cut, but the Bosch cuts deeper. The grout removal blade works like a charm and is way better & faster than recp saw grout blades. All in all if you are a renovation conttractor that does many different tasks, this is a great investment and you won't be sorry you spent the money.
Will is back!: Ive been a Will Smith fan since I heard Miami. Ihavent bought a CD since Big Willie Style but I did enjoy the singles. This CD is truly great. Here is my opinion:Here He Comes--Great IntroParty Starter --Really good song 8/10Switch-GREAT! 10/10Mr. Nice Guy-10/10Ms Holy Roller-9/10Lost and Found-10/10Tell Me Why-10/10I Wish I Made That-8/10Pump Ya Brakes-9/10If You Cant Dance-9/10Could You Love Me-9/10Loretta-9/10Wave Em off-8/10Scary Story-7/10Switch R&B; Remix-5/10(original better)Bonus Track-Switch Remix 8/10
Will Smith; Lost Or Found: While there are several excellent songs on this CD, I do not enjoy all of them. This is the same for most artists and for the most part I find the amount of songs that I enjoy on Will Smith's CD to be sufficient to warrant the purchase.
Should have stayed lost: I like Will Smith as an actor but that doesn't change the fact that he can't rap to save his life. This isn't rap, this is just corny pop song after corny pop song. The writing is pathetic, the rapping is awful, and the beats are conry. This is a pop CD for little kids. Any parent who buys this as an alternative to real rap is stupid because there are editted CDs. Will Smith is a good actor but he needs to stick to that because this is by far one of the worst albums of the year.
LOST AND FOUND IN THE TRASH!!!!: I guess all humans cannot hear the same because this cd is complete TRASH!!!! I had no idea that Will was still rapping.
Better than the last two albums: I really enjoyed this album very much, its better than the last one he made. There are only some songs on this album that I really didn't enjoy too much, but the rest is not bad. My favorite song from this album is Lost & Found, which talks about today's rap and how its all the same. Another good song is Could You Love Me, which reminds me of 50cents 21 questions. This album may not be the greatess, but its good enough for purchase.
Waste of Money!!!: I bought 1, and after 1 or 2 days it broke and I returned for replacement. The replacement broke in the exact same way as the original. With this problem, this item should be pulled from being sold. Don't waste your money or time on this one!
Function is good, quality stinks: The overall function of the system is good, but certain functions (accessing all messages remotely, sharing information with cordless units, processing messages from cordless units) are far more difficult than they should be. Range on the cordless units from the base unit is nowhere near what was advertised, I experienced maybe 50' at best before the signal started dropping.The biggest problem, however, is plain lousy quality. These phones just don't last. The LCD display on the base unit gradually loses pixels until it is so unreadable that menus cannot be followed. Similar problems happen on the cordless units. The cordless units just don't last, either - even if not heavily used, they just die after far too short a time.I thought I'd really love this system, but it's been a huge disappointment and a tremendous waste of money.
good stuff!: this book is really interesting... particularly if you're doing a project on propaganda or nazis. It gives insight on often neglected areas of politics- music. The accompanying CD is also a plus. The songs are really interesting (if sometimes distasteful).
Difficult: My first Barbara Vine book, and definitely the last. I persevered through about 2 thirds of the book and never once understood what was going on. Several little episodes failed to capture my attention or imagination, and I'm afraid I just couldn't face the struggle through the remainder - maybe that would have brought some meaning to the book, but by then, I just didn't care.
Reggaeton de la vieja escuela: Si te gusta lo que el reggaeton ha dejado y representa para sus seguidores...este album (CD) tiene esa energia que se requiere para ese perreo!Yo vengo siguiendo el reggaeton desde su comienso y para mi Hector y Tito son unos de los pioneros que han hecho de este genero, lo que a todos nos gusta...sentirnos ensendidos con ese ritmo prohibido!
So You Want To Learn CSS?: This book has to be the best Dhtml/CSS book on the market. I have gone from knowing nothing about CSS to learning how to create effective pages using this wonderful new tool. FrontPage users: don't be afraid of investing some time with this book & learning CSS- with the new CSS/Dhtml features in 2002, you will enjoy knowing how to create better code and sites. The author has provided wonderful examples - not just snippets - but full code samples with explanations clear enough for even this novice to understand.
We REQUIRE our employees to read this book!: As a Web Design firm, it is mandatory that we stay on the cutting edge of site development. We required our entire staff to study the first book in this series and we've already started passing out this second edition. Nothing provides better control over site appearance than DHTML/CSS and we have not found a better manual than this for our designers.Note, this is for people who are serious about web design and not FrontPage amateur hour users. This manual gives our information architects the cross browser/platform reference material they need to not waste development time. If you don't know this book's content, you're not a web author.
My son loves this!: It is the best of the best intros for the wrestlers! It's pretty rockin'! (Generation gap included!!)He doesn't watch wrestling any longer(outgrew it), BUT still listens to this CD! Good music, or so says he?!=-)
super light, stylish: I was skeptical about buying these because of the very low price tag. Now I don't know what I was thinking because these bars are the beez kneez. They're ultra light and ergonomic. They feel great, look great and are very sturdy. I put these bars on a Raleigh Retroglide beach cruiser that I customized into a cruiser/road bike hybrid. I put Lizard Skin grips on these and they're super comfortable. Bottom line: these bars are good and cheap. You're throwing your local bike shop under the bus by buying these here but forget 'em! They want to charge you $50 for a similar bar set when these will do the trick wonderfully.
Definitely worth it: These gloves really do the job for me: keeping my hands warm on chilly days, while allowing me to still use my fingers for fine work. The wool is a bit scratchy, but other than that, i have no complaints.
Great product, easy to put together and strong.: it was so easy to put together and looks really nice. combined two huge bookshelves of dvd's into one compact and stylish stand. it gives you an in the movie store feeling.
The Amazing Power of Deliberate Intent 4-CD:: I was very disappointed. It was extremely repetitive, and probably could have been cut to 1 CD instead of 4. I believe a professional would have done a much better job of narrating and I found the male voice to be very close to monotone and extremely difficult to listen to, taking away from the content.
Not Self-Help, Self Support: I Love the Abraham-Hicks material. I have been reading and listening for the past 10+ years. If you did not have parents or mentors around who assisted in building your confidence and who gave you empowering and enlightening knowledge about how things work in the world then I suggest you buy both books.The simplest message is that lot's of things are true, even the negative stuff, but it's up to you whether or not you activate these negative things or just ignore them and move on. I think someone said something about "turning the other cheek." You can apply this to just about any life experience. I'm not saying that things will change over night, although they could, but this is mateial that can be used for life.
All Jerry, All the Time: The Deliberate Intent 4-CD Collection II was a surprise. There was no Esther Hicks or Abraham, only a rote recitation by Jerry Hicks. He reads a series of "games" to practice improving personal intent and vibrations, and adds some brief lectures. He has a fine voice, but it lacks the expression, energy, and sense of attraction to draw listeners into a space of creativity, response, and commitment. He wants his share of the spotlight, but frankly, he's tedious.
Results of Deliberqate Intent: I am livng proof that if you truly have the intent on achieving an objective it can happen. It my take time, but, believe me the unthinkable can be achieved. Just keep focused!!!! Thoughts become things...choose the good ones.
Great choice for those looking for a life changing approach to life!: I have read a few of Jerry and Esther's books, listened to a seminar on tape and i tell you what, these two have a wonderful, easy, and very influential theory (so to speak)about how to live your life the way you imagined it to be. This book is a great tool to have when you are trying to get a new job, finish school, get married, it can be applied to anything in life that you are wanting or needing. I really enjoyed this book, and if you are reading these reviews you are probably curious about this book, so go ahead give it a try!
Buy something funny instead of this album: The album just isn't funny.It's not smart, clever, or witty.It was a big disappointment.
This is comparable to Mr. Show: David Cross's "Shut up you f**king baby is a very funny cd. it has to do a lot with things like politics concerning 9/11, his upbringings, and certain people's personalities. I think this is a very funny cd. Anyone who is (or was) a fan of mr. show with Bob and David will surely enjoy this cd! Too bad Titanica didn't do a song on the cd! Bye Bye Now!
Excellent Satire: If you liked his HBO special, "The Pride is Back," you'll love this. His satire of religion and post 9/11 politics is right on and well needed in today's politically correct climate. He does ramble a bit on the second CD, but even on the few parts when you aren't laughing as much, it's still a lot of fun to listen to him. But most of it's hilarious, and it's 2 CDs for the price of one, so you can't go wrong.
Isn't comedy supposed to be funny?: If you lined up all of the humourous material on the 2 CD's, you'd laugh for 5 minutes. But those 5 minutes would be F**king hysterical. Funny in places but very diluted.
I'm not sure I have the same CD....: This CD is by far the worse comedy CD I have ever listened to. Period, end of story. Mr. Cross thinks that he is Lenny Bruce, but he has no new ideas and says things just to be offensive, he has no new insight, is not edgy and is very, very boring.
A Christmas song by a german boygroup: I think that the boyz aren't better or worse than for instance he Backstreet boys. But there songs are usually a lot more catchy. This is a ballad but it's by far not their best song.The single includes 5 songs. The radio vrersion, the non-rap version and three remixes.
Very well made musical film.: Pink Floyd The Wall is in my eyes, a very good film. It is about a rock star who goes into a deep depression because of many hardships in his life, which makes him build a psychological "wall" between himself and reality. Based on the troubled lives of some of the band members of Pink Floyd, the rock band who scored and composed the music for this film. It is a uniquely made film using flashbacks to explain the troubled life of Pink (the main character), and some scenes which use very strange images (some animated) to symbolize some of the thoughts of the character. It is not at all a very happy movie, and in my opinion will greatly disturb some of its weaker viewers. But it is still a highly recommended film, especially for those who are fans of the band Pink Floyd, of whom I am very big fan, and for those who want to see a very unique style of film.
Great movie. Very disturbing.: First of, the quality of the DVD was good. No skips or anything wrong with the audio. As far as the movie itself. You have to wonder how many kinds of drugs was in their system when the movie was written. Unfortunately, the plot does resemble what society was like at that time. It's not a family time movie, that's for sure.
The sum of Roger Waters' aggression and frustration.: It seems that the tighter the grip Roger Waters had on Pink Floyd, the darker and more conceptual the music became. Pink Floyd--The Wall is all of Roger's passion, emotion, and past displayed in one of the most beautiful albums/movies that has ever been created. Exploring loneliness, contempt, despiration, bliss, and power, this movie covers the entire spectrum of the human soul. If you don't understand it, good. Roger Waters didn't write for the masses, he didn't write for public appeal. He wrote out of the soul, creating a brain-child not meant to be understood entirely, but meant to give you your own meanings and subtleties.
The Best Rock Opera Ever: What more is there to say? This movie rocks. It is an excellent film adaptation/complement to Pink Floyd's "The Wall" album, and it delivers a wonderful viewing and listening experience. I only wish the film hadn't scrapped "Hey You" from the musical line-up.
loved it: perfect for the time pink floyd was on top gilmour on guitar is always welcome and the best of the best. the movie is good but I onlt got it for the music. since I love floyd
Pink Floyd The Wall: I can not watch the film as it is the wrong regional code.I do not recollect any instructions regarding this when ordering this, i live in UK and would have thought my region would have been known. Paul WellerPink Floyd The Wall.
Horrible: A lousy movie, dont buy this at any price. Most of the songs are interrupted by talk and other weird video....I guess you have to be a true Pink Floyd fan to appreciate this movie....Most of the songs are played incompletey...DONT BUY THIS VIDEO , MAYBE A GOOD RENTAL
This movie screwed my life up: This movie screwed my head up.You probably have to be stoned to wach this.I will never look at anything the same again.
DVD version a must-have for fans: This DVD has lots of great extras as well as an impressive menu interface. I think it's worth for the commentary provided by author/writer Roger Waters in and of itself.
An excelent gift for any floydian: This edition of Pink Floyd - The Wall contains a saucerful of secrets (not to be confused with "A Saucerful of Secrets"), tons of extra materials and, of course, the music, the madness and the movie.Image quality and sound quality are superb. Definitely worth every penny.
Not the Same: I am a huge Pink Floyd fan but I have to admit, this movie lost something since I was a kid, although I suspect I'm just getting old:( Very strange movie, hard to follow, but great music & I must admit, Bob Geldolf did a great job as Pink.
Good movie to watch: I remember I first seen Pink Floyd: The Wall back in my sophomore year of high school when I was 16 years old. This movie takes me back when I started listening to Pink Floyd again in 2005, just about the same time I listened to U2 for the first time. My favorite part of the movie was the walking hammers which was pretty cool. If I had the chance I would buy The Wall movie since I'm a Floyd fan. I recommend this movie to anyone.
An Audio/Visual Masterpiece!: The Wall has to be the most awe inspiring Movie ever put on film. The haughtingly beautiful music and stunning visuals would be enough in itself to classify this as a monumental achievment in movie making. Add Pink into the mix with his tormented mind and his own emotional rollercoaster and you have one of the true masterpieces of all time. I can't wait to see and feel this movie again on DVD.
If I had my way, I'd have all of you shot: I love "The Wall," both movie and album. The story is very close me, so maybe I'm a bit biased.I've heard people say you'd have to be stoned in order to watch it. I disagree, I understood it perfectly. "Tommy" on the other hand...now there was a movie you'd probably have to be stoned in order to enjoy!I give it 4 stars only because the album version of "Mother" was better. Plus, the movie doens't have "Hey You." (It was filmed, but was cut out of the movie. See it on the DVD and know why).
Same as the last DVD release but still a great film: If you are a fan of this film, as I am, please note that this release is an exact duplicate of the last DVD release but with new packaging. The documentaries are worth the price of the disc alone, as they are excellent. A great transfer of a great film.As a side note to "Der Kommissar", the last I heard, we have freedom of speech in this country. So, I am mentioning your "review" in my own and there is nothing you can do about it. I could care less if you are a "top reviewer" or not - never presume to tell me what I can or can't do again. Who the hell do you think you are?
What A Film!!!!!: This is one of my favorite films, if not my favorite. You really get to understand "The Wall" much better and see what it is really about. I've been trying to won this video for quite some time, but can't find it. If you know where I can get it, please mail me. See This Movie and Buy it if you can!!!!
Was hoping for more.: I bought this based on the good reviews posted here on Amazon but was very disapointed. While it was great to see legendary racers like Hill and Stewart, the quality was not as good as I was expecting and I would have liked to see more modern day in car camera work (which of course is far superior to old time strap a camera on the car technology) that details the great tracks in F1.
The Mitford Years, Books 1-3: If you enjoy heart-warming stories, you will love all the books by Jan Karon. I have read her 9 Mitford books. They will give you hope that there is good in the world and that you can be a part of it. If you are a baby boomer or a parent of one, you will recognize a lot of things that you grew up with -- mostly how simple things are very dear. I have recommended these books to friends -- especially ones who are having a difficult time -- they will renew your spirit.
Poor durability: While this slide is a lot of fun, there are major drawbacks. It is very time consuming to dry, deflate and put away. Also very heavy, so that it pretty much takes 2 people to do this. The worst thing though, is the lack of durability. We developed a split in one of the seams last year after only 5 uses and then at the end of summer, the slide developed multiple holes - too much to effectively repair. i WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE OF THE POOR DURABILITY.
Comics come to life: I was pleasently suprised by the quality and presentation of the formerly paper story books on the small screen. The voice acting of the characters is suprisingly good given the cheezy, often too wordy dialogue penned in comics. This DVD narrates the recent Marvel comic book series of the Ultimates, retelling the classic avengers tales with a modern, darker, more human element to the heros backgrounds and lifestyles. If you like the characters as a casual fan or if you are a die-hard collector nut, you will enjoy this and the entire series of DVDs. It's good entertainment value for your dollar
Disappointed: the title of the book is very attractive, however I was so disappointed after i read the book.
SONIC DVD REVIEW: I think that this is a great series and I am really glad to finally own it! Plan on buying the Sonic Underground series very soon! Anyone that is a fan of Sonic needs to buy this!!
The only good Sonic cartoon.: I loved this show when I was a kid. I would wake upe very Saturday morning to watch it. I hated when they stopped making new episodes and the "Adventures of Sonic" show came out and was just a silly show vs how dark this one was for a kid's cartoon.I got it to watch with my girlfriend's son, and he loves it.
this IS the biggest jaw dropper since the sixth sense: the skeleton key stars hudson as caroline, a young female who takes a job caring for an old man whose health has declined after suffering from a stroke. right from the beggining, the move is truly spooky. to make things worse, the house looks a lot like the one used for the texas chainsaw masscare remake, only that the skeleton key's house is surrounded by a lot of creepy looking trees.after hudson opens the attic and finds a whole bunch of creepy stuff, she finds out that the house was used for hoodoo. yes, hoodoo, not voodoo. she also learns that the old man probably didnt get sick because of a stroke, its the work of his wife, played wonderfully by geene rowlands.after that, the movie builds up to the biggest jaw dropper since the sixth sense, and like the trailer says, it will have everyone speaking.
What you don't believe...well, it can still hurt you.: And my title is only a subtle hint to the twist at the end of this horror/thriller. And don't think that I'm gonna blow it for you. You have to watch the movie, which I highly recommend.Kate Hudson takes a different step in character (which she actually once said reflects her actual personality) as Caroline, who was hired to take care of an elderly woman and her husband in an estate, not far New Orleans (during it's more prosporous days). Eventually, she finds a room in the actic, and this uncovers some dark secrets about the house involving HooDoo practicing. Eventually, all of this business results in the said supreme twist.In addition, the movie has an excellent creepy atmosphere and outstanding performances.
WOW! It Was Actually Good!: Hey I can't believe it. I saw it, I took it all in, and it was actually good. Never been a fan of Kate Hudson, but she carried this movie quite valiantly.John Hurt's the man.Don't expect anything terrifying. Just a good suspense/thriller with yes---a very suprising ending. You probably won't see it coming, and if you're anything like me, you'll have to chew on it for a few minutes to put the pieces together.Maybe not a buy (*see "The Others") but definately a renter.
Fun: I was a student of Tulane University for five years and in that time got to soak up a lot of Louisianna atmosphere. I graduated a few months before Katrina, but that's a different story...Anyhow, even though the whole New Orleans voodoo thing is way, WAY overplayed by the media, I enjoyed this film. It has lots of creepy atmosphere, it captures the sultry mystique of rural Louisianna, and Kate Hudson is good eye candy ( and is a good actress who deserves good roles... just see Almost Famous.)I watched this movie while drinking a good quanitity of whiskey. In fact, this film is ideal when mixed with a quiet evening at home and a good supply of whiskey. Enjoy!
More Hollywood horror: If it wasn't for the great cast, this movie would have ended up in the dvd store very quickly. The pictures of the traditional southamerican scenery are nice, but I cannot recall a single frightening moment in this entire movie. Isn't a ghost story supposed to be scary anymore these days? I feel as if this movie could have been a lot scarier than it was. It was like watching North and South with a touch of voodoo/hoodoo.(SARR)
The KEY to NOWHERE: - There is no suspense and no thrilling.- There is too little material for the actors to work on.- My friend and I watched it in the theatre. What a waste of money.
it was actually good ...who would have thought...: Chilling and SuspensefulThis movie was amazing and frightening. It's about a woman living in an old mansion where she faces ghosts and hoodoo, where she must discover the truth behind the house's past...and herself. It was amazing, scary and very good. It was scary and suspenseful, and Kate Hudson gave a superb performance, and also Peter Saarsgard, and Caroline's friend in the movie.The ending had me doing a 180 because it caught me off guard, just when you thought you figured it out its not what you thought was going to happen, i hope you got that (:D)
What the...: The Exterminator was one of my favourite 80s revenge films. Violent & gritty, a no holds barred hedonistic delight. The DVD release, however, sucks. There were some pretty realistic effects for its day, but these have been heavily edited and it shows. I wish I'd know this before I wasted my money on an inferior DVD release. Don't make the same mistake!
Night Trilogy is better: This is an author I hold with great respect. However, I must be honest in saying I had difficulty reading this book. I agree that it may be me, and not him, but I do feel his Trilogy to be much easier reading. This topic is one I feel very sympathetic with, but would strongly recommend his other books instead. (Now other readers, please please do not get upset, this is just my opinion, and in no way am I being disrespectful, as he is a master writer!)
I could not make myself finish this book: I have read- and loved- several Anne McCaffrey books, but this was not one of them. I was repulsed when I came to the part where Mrs. McCaffrey attempts to set up a mystery-Talent who has a secret enmity for the aliens aboard. However, she repeatedly gave away who it was- from the looks on the character's face, to a near-outright confession. These seemed to me to be an insult to the reader's intelligence and made this book one of a very few books which I was too disgusted to finish. Still, part of my disappointment stems from the knowledge that she can write much better than this, and has.
Poor Quality: This book was very hard to understand. It had sections that were poorly organized with a total disregard for extensive examples. Examples that were shown were not only short, but were unrepresentative of problems that were shown in the Problem section at the end of each chapter. I also found it extremely frustrating that the author insisted on including problems in the problem section that required him to basically add full explanations and include indepth lessons for each. The author of this book clearly overestimates the knowledge held by most beginner Signal students.
Wasnt' What I Expected: when i opened the package i was expecting an assortment of drum stick wraps...cause that is what the picture is. What i got was single package with a design that wasn't even pictured in the ad, wraps for two sets of sticks. It was disappointing. I thought i would get the green ones plus the rest. I think i paid shipping so around 11 dollars for this and its not worth it. I would send it back if it didn't take so much work.
Great For Model Railroading: I'm using it to glue foam roadbed to Styrofoam and it works great. I only put the glue on the roadbed and it's holding great.
Different Folksongs: A very pleasing collection, tastefully arranged and very well performed. The recording is a bit too close.Annie Laurie ~ Folksongs of the British Isles / Barrueco The King's Singers
Last Christmas: I love the song, so I got it as a single; I like the way they sing it; it's a song for all seasons, not just Christmas.
Intersex is NOT transgender: The author of this book incorrectly includes infants born with genetic conditions under the transgender term. Intersex conditions are those in which an infant is born with sex chromosomes or sexual reproductive organs that are not exclusively male or female. Their condition is about sex, not gender. Transgenders on the other hand, are biologically born male or female but have gender identity issues. They are different, as are the medical needs and experiences.The author should be more respectful of people with intersex conditions and publish an apology. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
Warning: Only 1 Ladytron Song on this Album: I was pleasantly surprised to see a new Ladytron CD in the record store so I grabbed it and bought it. I was deceived. This is an album of songs which influenced Ladytron not a Ladytron album. I am so disappointed. There is one song by them on the album but that was available prior. Be sure to look at the song listings prior to jumping on this. If you like compilations, this may be your cup of tea. As for me, this will be seen in the used cd section shortly. (
AWFUL: My title sums it up. This movie struck us as sad and drawn out. The ending though satisfying is preceeded by a series of rather shocking scenes. It caught us totally unawares. I shall never watch this movie again.
Lid doesn't seal.: I needed an outdoor food storage container for my dog. The first one I received the lid would not fit. It would not snap shut let alone provide an airtight seal as it claimed. I received a second one and at least the lid would snap shut on the front. However, you could see the gaps on the side. I would suggest buying one at a pet store and paying a little more for it to work right.
The best: After spinning for 15 years and owning a handful of decks I have a pair of these in my home studio and I love them. I use them for spinning as well as hifi listening and they excel at both.
very delayed, but worth waiting for: I purchased this as a gift (fortunately, it was for a close relative, so although it did not arrive in time for 2 occasions, I was able to get to the recipient at an appropriate time.) It is on the coffee table of the "giftee" and it appears to be enjoyed. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was the interminable delay.
Duets?: First the popular singer sings, then Pavarotti sings. That's a duet? It didn't work for us. We watched three or four songs and gave it up. Maybe we'll try again, some day.
Didn't work for me: I looked forward to this CD but on listening found it very disappointing. I don't think Pavarotti's booming tenor blended at all well with any of the other artists, nor did his voice seem to lend itself to these types of songs. It didn't seem that LP could adjust his voice to be able to soften, to tone it down in order to blend. Every time he came in, it just felt to me to be bombastic after the other singer had been much more sensitive and in the pocket of the tune. Most of the duets were back-and-forth rather than harmonies but during those LP's voice just drowned out the other's.The whole thing just didn't work for me despite my positive expectations. Evidently I'm the only negative review thus far and of course this is just my own personal opinion.
Needs to Strengthen Itself: This book was not very well written. I thought that the regimen was way too easy and that the programs moved along at a terribly slow pace. Also, the coaches from Nebraska didn't seem to know what they were talking about. I don't think they are very good coaches.
Heat? You gots to be kiddin'.: If you love, really, really love Braxton this CD is a prized purchase. I've always been a so-so fan of her music. Here lately she's been coming off as the African American Celine Dion...or is that Deborah Cox? Anyway, I expect stars who carry hype with them to knock me off my feet whenever they release something new. Not so, this, 'The Heat'. If this is heat, then it is most fortunate that most of us do not live in Antartica.
The Heat is not what it warmed up to be: The heat is by far not one of Toni Braxton's best album's. I loved Secrets, it is in my CD player 24/7. The Heat just does not compare. It does not have the same heart-felt lyrics as Secrets does. Although, I do love the song "Spanish Guitar." It is such a sexy song. I hope that her next album is not such a disapointment.
Toni's Back!: It took a long tome for Toni Braxton to get back into the music secne again. But now that's she's back, she gonna take the world by storm. I recomend buying this c.d, but only if you like Toni's voice, it's very different and low, but if you like that, then go ahead. If you also don't like slow songs then I suggest going after a different c.d. But other than that i's very cool. PEACE:)
Spanish Guitar...typical Toni by far.: I was almost disappointed in the verbal content of the album (especially "Speaking In Tongues" which I found to be blasphemous to those who really comprehend what "Speaking in Tongues is), and counted it as a bad investment until I heard "Spanish Guitar". Being more of a jazz aficionado, it's Toni's sultry voice that appeals to me most. Again, the verbal content is a bit for the younger, single audience but I think "Spanish Guitar" will appeal to the more mature audience. I hope it's made into a single!
Ooh Ahhh La La La - Toni's Done It Again ! AND ...: I LIKE IT ! It is so refreshing to consistently hear good music from an artist. I think it starts with a smart artist who knows how to choose good writers to work with and good music to sing to. It definitely works with this album. I had to listen to it a couple of times before it grew on me but when it did - I fell in love with it. I like the instrumental, "The Art of Love". It is quite sexy just like Ms. Braxton who wrote my favorite song on the album. It's called "Speaking In Tongues". It is the B-O-M-B ! Hince the review title - Ooh Ahh La La La. You must check out this album for this song alone. I can't wait to hear what the next single will be. "He Wasn't Man Enough for Me" was a good intro to the album. The video didn't hurt either. It was well made. I think this album is another WINNER. You will definitely feel the "Heat" when you listen to it. Hat's Off to ... Ms. Toni Braxton.
poor quality blades: The first blade out of the pack separated at the welds immediately. I'm on the second one now. For this much money they shouldn't fall apart.
A most necessary tool: For anyone who has been in the need for a tool that will do precisely as described then this is the one.. I had a RotoZip tool that I used with minimal results and with the cost of the blades and their limited life span I was glad to find this tool. If you ever had the need to do a flush cut or a plunge cut through a 2x4 or a stair tread I would suggest giving this tool a try. I now use it for just about any type of cutting, sanding or scraping.
Multimaster Blades: I've had my Multimasterm for six months. I love the tool concept and I have been using it quite a lot for a Kitchen and Bath remodel. My only complaint is that the blades dull very easily and are very expensive to replace. I just purchased another set of e-cut blades and one is already dull after cutting through a couple of nails.
No other choice: The Fein replacement blades are so expensive; but they work. Have been unable to find another product that does the job as Fein. Unique expensive product that works.
Fein Multimaster E-cut 1 3/8 inch sawblade: I tried my brand new Fein Multimaster just out of the box with the Precision E-cut 1 3/8 inch blade to trim some 5/16 inch bolts. After about a minute of buzzing the bolt and little cutting progress, I discontinued with the Fein as it was clearly dulling my brand new blade. I instead pulled out my trusty Dremel with a cutting disk and quickly completed the cuts. Later, I used the Multimaster with the same E-cut blade to cut some 10p nails and it did okay. Also, I used the Multimaster with a different blade to cut some drywall openings and it did an excellent job. So, bottom line, I am generally happy with the Multimaster tool but not too impressed with the E-cut blade - it clearly isn't up to the task of cutting bolts.
Not the right connection: Using the search tool provided by Amazon I selected the Year, Make and Model for the part I was searching for and found this part. When it came I painted it, removed the old mirror and my door panel only to discover that the plug on the new mirror (square, with five wires) will not fit my existing plug (flat with three wires).I'd painted the item first because I didn't want to remove and reinstall the door panel more than once. It such a pain to do, but now I'm out nearly $45 which I cannot recover.More product description detail is needed to identify the type of connector and the length of the wire.
Nice album.: I like all the songs on this album. I often use it to warm up before a dance workout. It's nice combination of slow and fast music. Gypsy Caravan rocks!
Cats Eye Stud Earrings: Product looks exactly as represented, except they were a little larger than expected. Very pretty though. Arrived quickly, too.
Nostalgia was better than this album...: The songs sounded better in my memory than the actual tracks on this album. I don't have the "original" recordings, so I'm not in a position to comment on those, but this compilation sounds like they hooked up a mic in front of a home hi-fi system to record it. The production values and sound levels are poor. Oh, and the first (or zeroeth) track wouldn't play on either my car player and wasn't detected at all by WMP. You would think that the producers would have taken advantage of the opportunity to polish things up a bit before releasing this dog...
to what we shall believe...: The Box was one of Canada's greatest pop bands circa 1984-1990. They put out 4 studio albums, each one filled with lush electronic melodies, spirited guitars, and compelling lyrics. This greatest hits album is a must-buy because there are a couple of bonus tracks I have never seen available anywhere else. Too bad this group bit the dust in the 90s like so many others. This CD is a great time capsule of sunny days fondly remembered. Let them be remembered all the time, all the time, all the time...
Knorr Garlic mini cubes first ingredient is salt and then MSG: Monosodium glutamate (MSG) can trigger headaches and other symptoms in some people.Aw...then we get some garlic powder among other fillers after salt and MSG. There are much better, both convenient and healthy spices and herbs combinations (real food) to choose. Check out Frontier's line - inexpensive, many are organic and ingredients include the spice or herb itself or some tasty combination. There's a new line (to me) I have not tried, but prices are low and product is organic - Red Monkey.
It works!!!: You can actually improve your visual acuity and ditch your glasses. I'm living proof!!!!!Practice reading-scanning characters on a calendar/Snellen card/etc... concentrate on distinguishing the boundaries character-background (they should be in contrasting colors, black over white preferably)... stay relaxed and keep on reading-scanning... eventually your eyes will improve their capability to notice the characters from the background... increase the distance little by little as you progress... BE PATIENT as this may take an hour in the first sessions... Good luck
Missing the eye exercise Chart!!!: I heard about this book from Dr. Mercola, so I was excited to learn, but the eye exercise chart that claims to be at the back of the book ...it is not! I gave 2 stars because it is informative.
Don't buy this book - get this other one instead!: This book will not help you improve your vision. Buy this other book instead: *The Myopia Myth: The Truth about Nearsightedness And How to Prevent It*.
Are these people crazy?!: I'm not kidding, I truly think these people are crazy. I've just seen review after review describing how scary and suspenseful this book is. What a joke! It reads like a documentary that doesn't really go anywhere. I thought the book was very interesting. And if you want to someday write a horror book, maybe this book can give you some ideas. But it's not suspenseful and, now don't all start screaming at once, it's kinda boring. Sorry. But you start it, you read it, and it's over. No real ups or downs. And the ending: I guess it was supposed to be a big deal, but all I could think was, "Who cares?"
4.5 stars. what legends are made of...: upside: i usually dont go for the supernatural/horror genre, but this book hooked me. i was studying at borders and someone left this book at the table i was sitting at. read the back cover and the rest is history. im a sucker for these "survival" stories, man vs _________________. in this case, its vampires and matheson breaks it down to a science.downside: theres a collection of short stories written by matheson that disappoints following the conclusion of this book. after enjoying "i am legend" so much, it was such a letdown.highly recommended to all.
Great Book: Fantastic book, Richard really pulls off a great story of struggle. Also includes several other short stories, which are also great.
NOT so great.: I purchased this book since the movie was good. I figure the book would be even better. I was so wrong. Of course, if you like vampires, then you will like this book. The ending was uneventful and confusing.
Matheson's Legend: Matheson is a master craftsmen of the sci-fi and horror genre. This novel is no exception and is my favorite thus far. Only four stars though because the ending left something to be desired, at least for me. Still good, but I've read a better ending in his shorter stories. But definitely check it out - it's a great read.
I love this book!: This book surprised me and intrigued me from the first page to the very last. You really feel like you are inside the head of the main character. I enjoyed the psychological aspects of the book as well as the overall feeling you get when you read it. It made me think more about human nature and I shall be reading it again. I highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone!
Phenomenal: Matheson is the godfather of modern vampire horror, so it's no surprise that he packs such a powerful punch in this novel. After all, it has spawned three mainstream movie remakes, and none of which compare to the novel. Signs of success.My only regret is that the copy I purchased had a red decal on it advertising the Will Smith movie, though when I bought it the display image shows the original cover. Bummer on that.Worth reading, worth remembering. Movies don't stack up to this masterpeice.
I Am Legend: I was under the impression that this was a novel. The book doesn't let on that it was a compilation of short stories. So, when I reached the end of the Short Story half way through the book "I AM LEGEND" I felt disillusioned, if not tricked.The story was interesting but not very moving. There were inconsistencies as well. The main character visits the mausoleum where the body of his baby girl is being held, later in the story he mentions that the body was taken from his arms and burned with a multitude of others. (What really happened?)In any case, I wish I hadn't spent the money on it. I hope the movie is better.
I Am Legend-Hell House: Fast paced. I couldn't put I Am Legend down. Hell House is my favorite haunted house story. It is not appropriate for young adults, or children. Both stories far outshine the movies based on them, and the movies are great for that era.
An amazing read: This is a hugely absorbing and very intelligent read. What would happen if the world as you know it ended, and you were the last left alive? It's fascinating and I thoroughly recommend it. What a shame the recent Hollywood movie changed the ending, because it's incredible.
Blah.: This story neither gathered my attention, and I like to read about vampires, nor did the middle or ending do anything for my sensiblities for a horror story. Awful. just awful. Sorry, Matheson.
30-Year Audiobook Listener: The "I Am Legend" disaster-wipes-out-most-of-mankind story is mildly interesting, but the narration is hard to listen to. The remaining stories are dated and the narration so poor, I gave up halfway through the book. Look for another presentation of "I Am Legend".
A recording for the principles: This is a fine recording if you admire the voices of the three principles: Hampson, Hadley and Mentzer, which I do. You will find them at their best and most musical. However, if you do not care for them then I wouldn't recommend buying this recording. Besides the absurd three disc price, the ensemble and conducting is not very memorable. For a fine digital recording, I'd reccomend the Larmore, Hagagard set or, for a budget price, the Ganassi, Vargas recording is superb. As far as a classic recording, the Callas is awesome.
Poor quality and extremely disppointed: I bought this custom for my son. Before I placed the order, I read the review on this custom. I thought in general it's not bad. However, after I got the custom, I'm extremely disappointed with quality. The edges of the custom are not sewed,which are different form the picture shown on the website and the picture is misleading. The worst part is the neck cut is too small. My son likes the custom. I haven't decide what to do. If I want to keep it, I have to do some work on it.
Jedi knight costume: Very disappointed with this purchase. Velcro hanging off. Not well put together at all, threads hanging off as edges not overllocked or finished. Nothing deluxe about this!
Poor workmanship and design not similar to the picture: I ordered this costume for my boy's starwar birthday party but was quite disappointed with the followings:-1. The workmanship of this costume is poor.2. No seam sewing.3. Not true to size, runs big4. doesn't looks like picture indicate.5. Not cotton, will be hot for summer.
great made in usa quality: a great tool for those of us moving endless amounts of snow. Should last a lifetime. way better than foreign made disposeable junk found at your local mega mart.
Boring, Dry: I did not enjoy this book at all. It was all I could do to even finish it. I felt no investment in the characters and I never once laughed. I would never recommend this book to anyone. I didn't feel like the plot had gone anywhere until I was 3/4 the way done with the book and even then the plot wasn't very exciting or captivating.
Beautiful Shoe: As usual Aerosole has made another unique fashionable yet comfortable shoe. I bought the gold color and get comments everytime I wear. Although I would not want to go all day shopping with this shoe, it is great for work or evening wear.
Deeds for California Real Estate: Book is very helpful and provides all kinds of sample formsand websites to download forms needed to change existing deedsor create new ones. Very easy to "do it yourself" and save $.
Couldn't find another place to ask, thus this line.: Am looking for the bugle calls commonly used when raising the flag and lowering it. Specifically, I am looking for "To the Colors" and "Retreat" in bugle calls. Do you have it?kwyoung@pol.net
A must read: This is a superb nostlagic story of a boy and his childhood. It describes his beautiful village, his family and friends and many incidents which this boy has cherished for the rest of his life. The novel is touching and appeals to anybody crossing the limits of time.
Why do y'all like this book so much?: I read this book a few years ago for my English Class, and I seriously thought it was the worst novel I'd ever read. Not only was almost unbearably insipid, it was so depressing and ugly that if it could have drawn me in enough to have cared about it, I would have been filled with only negative emotions such as grief and sadness.
Memories: it has been about fifty years since i read this book, which in my memory ranks with "heidi" and very few other classics as the finest stories ever written. it is time for my teenaged grandchildren to be introduced to Richard Llewellyn.
An Unnatural Book...: A grave disservice is being done to the earnest and hard-working Cryptozoologists worldwide everytime a newcomer to the subject cracks this book open. Not only is the book inaccurate in the valid facts it contains, it mixes the plausible with the fantastical, lumping wyverns, griffons, and manticores together with giant squid and the Sasquatch. Purportedly published under the auspices of the Cryptozoological Society of London (which doesn't exist), it is nothing more than a children's book portrayed as a scientific volume. Real Cryptozoological societies should be offended at this unabashed abuse of their hard work. Shame on the publishers. Relegate this one to stabilizing the broken leg on your kitchen table.
Very Bummed Out!: This is a great concept. I thought my two year old would enjoy riding a scooter like her big sister and the picture looked very durable. However after assembling this toy we were bummed out, the parts are really much thinner plastic than I thought. The wheels are TERRIBLE, they have no traction at all and do not roll very easily. My 4 year old can hardly get this thing to roll, the wheels sort of rub on the sides of the toy. It is the way it is made. Anyway my two year old just opened this two hours ago for her Birthday and we are heading to toys r us today to return this item. I don't think I have ever written a review or returned a toy. I am really pretty easy to please but this is bad enough I had to share. When we asked my two year old if she wanted to try it again she said "no sank you" and went to play with her old toys. I will be interested to read more reviews on this in the future.
without a box it couldn't be returned: My 20 month old daughter recieved this scooter for Easter from her grandparents. They were being helpful by putting it together at home before giving it to her. When she sat down she became very frustrated by the fact she wasn't going anywhere. She had the right idea, but the wheels don't move easily. The scooter part was evan worse. She pushed her heart out to barley move. It was a great idea, but not made very well. Since we didn't have the box we are stuck with toy. Her 4 year old sister didn't have any better luck. Don't buy this toy, it's a waste of money.
No Good - Waste of money!: It's boring, it doesn't roll well, doesn't turn at all, no bells and whistles to keep kids interested. What a dissapointing purchase!
I agree - Wheels Suck: My daughter received the scooter for her second birthday and luckily we have a gift receipt. It will be going back. The toy is very well made. However, it just doesn't roll, which for a ride on toy/scooter is a pretty big design flaw. We made sure it was properly assembled and tried it on several different surfaces (hard wood floors, carpet, tile, outside on the sidewalk) but had no luck. It took my husband 10 times as long to get it appart as it did to put it together but he was so disappointed by the toy, he was determined to get the thing back in the box so I could return it.
Dance Party Music: I first heard this album in the parking lot across the street when there was a block party. It rocks. Jive Bunny is a disc jockey who uses parts of both Big Band and rock music to create a lively synthesis. It's one of those CDs you could put on when you want to pick up the moment. Unusual blending of big band and Little Richard works well. You may not like every cut on the album, but you will find some that are lively and upbeat.
Love the concept! Hate reading it.: Yes, I love the concept of it, but actually reading it is another story. Some of it is interesting, but it gets rather tiresome after a while. It's the type of book you put down and can't pick up again.
The review...: Greetings All, I must say this was a great movie, it has great actors and it's a fun movie to watch! I was very happy with this and would buy again from seller! Cheers! William
As funny now as when it firsted aired: I love these old TV shows. This did not disappoint. This DVD set will appeal to all ages. I can't wait until the rest of the sets come out along with the (2) full length movies that were created at the same time as the show was running. I highly recommend.
One of the Best: I was really happy to see this series come out on DVD. In my opinion, it was one of the best TV shows ever with a great ensemble cast. Well worth having this and it's subsequent seasons in your collection.
Read This One!: In some sense VAS picks up where Richard Powers's groundbreaking The Gold Bug Variations leaves off: assume that the structure of language is reflected in the double helix, and assume further that print technologies are an analog for body technologies, words and images and book materials made flesh and blood and bones. Now imagine a narrative orchestrated around characters whose symbolic proportions resonate with the latter two assumptions, and you have some idea of the staggering visual sweep and poetic beauty of VAS, perhaps the first graphic novel (term used advisedly) in which both "graphic" and "novel" are given their full due as contemporary art forms, thus reinventing the genre while re-novelizing the novel of ideas. VAS stitches personal reproductive drama to social-scientific controversy to illustrate the challenges facing our species, a species wedded to its incorporations. Author Tomasula and designer Farrell have set the bar very, very high.
damn 50.: Its not worth buying. this is exactly why people bootleg cds. dont get me wrong, there are some songs that i would defenitly bump in the jeep, but like i said there are some...and there are about 20+ songs on this cd. I like a cd i can listen to all the way thru instead of skipping thru trax. If your looking for a good cd go grab The Games new sh*t... nicely done. Thats a cd I "actually" bought. im going to be honest with you. just download the new 50
Someone Tell me: After 2 years, and 60 songs, how... JUST HOW?!?!?!?! can this album be SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO bad? can these really be the best songs he can pick out of 60?!?!?! Someone get Jimmy Ivine on the phone, somethings gotta change....
too much mainstream: we've heard all of this once why would we wanna hear it all again on his 2nd CD with worse songs? just a thought
*Insert Pun about massacre-ing music here*: Eminem's music was not too bad, it could hardly be considered a punishable crime. However, his introduction of 50 cent into the world of music should see him stripped of all his possesions, shipped to a remote island and injected with enough anthrax to kill the entire population of Spain.Overall 50 Cents music has less musical credibility than The Backstreet Boys. He is catchy, that is all. MAYBE BSB went through a breakup and have experience int hat. 50 Cent on the other hand is a millionaire who acts like he lived on the street and was a "PIMP" (lets glorify a profession that abuses prostitutes! omg joy!).Rap is a genre that I do not particularily enjoy. Musically it is simple backbeats and lyrically oriented. 50 Cent makes rappers who can write intelligent lyrics look like gods. (Don't get me started on his lyrics, lets just say he writes like a 13 year old who just discovered that he can say "F***" without the world collapsing)
one star for a f*****: THIS "MUSIC" IS PURE SH*T AND I WISH SOME ONE LIKE SID OR COBAIN COMES AND PUT THEIR GUITARS IN THESE GUYS' AS**'S, HIP HOP STINKS, THE RAP AND HIP HOP ARE BEASTIE BOYS ,NOT SH*T LIKE THIS.
Suxs my soxs: Yea...this is by far some of the worst music (if you can even call it that) I have ever heard. I mean he doesnt even write his own songs ( as I have heard from MANY people). Weve heard it all before you say a couple rhymes and get real big...when are they gonna do something new.
Fifty be juicin': come on people...look at the album cover, its a hood-rich version of the HULK...50 obviously gave in to the demands of the mainstream and is lovin it, as hes pleasin plenty of 40 year old real-estater's (alongwith their wives), and clueless 13 year old's who claim 50 is a lyrical genious....be real people.-rbsambo
BEST RAPPER EVA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: 50 CENT IZ DA BOMB!! HE IZ MY FAV RAPPER OV ALL DA TIME!!!!! HE IZ EVAN BETTA DAN EMINEM AND KAYNE WEST WICH R OLSO GOOOOD!!!!! DA SONG CANDY SHOP IS DA BEST SONG EVA!!! AND I LOVE HIS KLIPS!! PICK UP DIS ALBUM AND HIZ PEVIOUS GET RICH OR DIE TRYIN DEY R DA BEST ALBUMS OV ALL DA TIME!!!!! FORGET 2PAK AND PABLIK ENAMY DEY R POZERS AND R NO MACH FOR 50 CENT!!!!!If you are a 50 cent fan then you probably believed that. All I have to say about this album has already been said, just read the 1 star reviews. Oh, and the song 'Candy Shop' is maybe the worst song ever next to Limp Bizkit's 'Eat You Alive'.
SHUT UP: SHUT UP!!! Stop dissen the album just cuz he goes after Nas, Jada, and Fat Joe. The album is not the greatest but it is still a pretty decent album. Stop judging it cuz he starts sh*t with other rappers. And stop crying that the game is gone. Dont worry you guys, life isn't over cuz game got the boot. The cd is good. And for people to say he doesnt have the right to go at nas,jada and joe, your kidding yourself. You guys are sitting there saying he sucks but last time i checked he single handely destroyed Murder Inc. He has the right to go after whoever he wants. So stop complaining. Its a good cd. Go get is you havnt already
I'm not even jokin w/ this score: I popped this CD in w/ an open mind. I tried to like listening to evry gangsta rap cliche in the book, but I just couldn't. 50 sux. He tries to diss ppl that r way more skilled than him, like Nas. He tries to act like hes the strongest foo on the planet. None of the songs on here have any redeeming value at all. Kids, if ur lookin for a rapper like this, plz get Casual's dope CD that came out Sept. 6th: Smash Rockwell. Casual has sum serious talent. And also, I spent 78 minutes listening to this CD, and I never felt like I wasted time more in my life. I rated evry song, averaged them all 2gether, and got a 1/5. Do urselves a favor: When u go to buy that new version of this CD, don't. Buy Casual's new 1. I give that 1 a 4.5/5. Peace.
horrible: This album takes the word horrible to a brand new level. It is a prime example of what is happening to rap. The only thing 50 raps about other than himself are his material possesions and hoes. This is the worst album I have ever listened to.My friend burned this for me right after it came out. I listened to it once, took it outside, and shot it with my pistol.If you want a good rap/hiphop album, get out and cop something by MF Doom, Wordsworth, Kanye West or De La Soul.Overall I would give this album a 0/10. DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM!!! THE MORE YOU BUY THE MORE GARBAGE HE WILL PUT OUT!!!
Terrible: This album is terrible. 50 Cent feels that he can put out anything and it will sell. There are no songs I can vibe to except "Hate It or Love It Remix." "Piggybank" is the worst diss song I have ever heard. Please do not buy this album, the only reason I gave it one star is because that was the lowest I could go.
It's AIGHT.: I have no idea why people been dissin this CD, I mean it's not the best cd but it's not the worst either. Ilike about 5-7 songs on this icd but because it had to grow on me.My Favorit Songs.1.Candy Shop2.Disco Inferno3.Piggy Bank4.Gatman5.Hate it or Love it (G-Unit remix)
just under average: i gave this album less than 3 stars because it has more bad songs than good ones.i think there are many tracks 50 shuldve left out.some of the songs aren't bad and have a real grimy feeling to it like get in my car,im supposed to die tonight,in my hood.there are about 12 songs in this album 50 shuldve left out or replaced with something else.
No: This album is less signifigant than a hair on my left nut. Am I the only one that notices that 50 doesn't even try? It seems like all his verses are all one word. And I'm no fan of anyone he disses, they suck too. Except Nas, Nas is 50 times the rapper 50 could ever be. But do you fools realize that there is good music that Isn't played on the radio. Geezus. Gangsta rap sucks, these fools aint gangstas. Get with the underground.
Disgusted: I am not really into Hip Hop but I can tell that you 50 is trash and he only cares about money. I cant even fathom why people compare him to Tu pac who was brilliant at what he did and was a true poet with his words. He is to rap what Madonna and Michael are to pop and what Elvis/The Beatles/Aerosmith and so on, are to rock. 50 will never become legendary like these TRUE ARTISTS. People who like this probably think Hil. Duff is an artist as well. lol
Dirtier Grimier, nothing good to listen too: If you like dark underground murder, murder, murder albums this is for you. I like gansta rap and this is B.S. Beats don't knock as hard and dude thinks he's it now b/c he's rich. Man you ain't pullin' no triggers your too rich for that. Why lie about laying people out and say that's your life? Let's be real he can't even get into a fight without being sued so it's just trash talkin'. I'm not hatin' his 1st album was TIGHT. Good beats and everything but I seriously think he fell WAAYYY off with this one. I didn't try to sell my copy i just threw it out. Its my fault what did I expect from an album call the massacre....GARBAGE!!
Break it down: hey guys: break it down for what it is. I listen to eminem because of his lyrics. I listen to 50 for the same reason. This CD has been bashed and praised. Listen to the entire CD, break down the tracks for the lyrical art that it is. I picked it up at Target for 9.98. Money well spent.
Entertaining but not Thought Provoking.: Well after the humongous success of 50 cent's first ablum it was gonna be nearly impossible for him to top it and naturally he didn't. What he did do was put out an enjoyable and highly entertaining cd. The lyrics and flows are sub par but he makes up for it with sticky chorus hooks that you'll be singing for days. At least he knows his strengths. I think my only problem with the cd is the infamous track "Piggy Bank". As diss songs go it's not "Ether"..it's not even, "The Takeover". He dissed Nas who prolly doesn't care and won't be respond but even Fat Joe and Jadakiss can flow circles around this guy. Honestly by this point most heads are saying to themselves, "another dull rap feud". I'm gonna end this review by saying, this ablum is a fluff piece, but a higly entertaining one.
This CD is hot from start to Finish: I think most people can agree that this isnt as good as GRODT. But give credit were credit is due. This CD will be one of if not the best rap albums of the year. Every song is hot and his lyrics are sick, espceially on Baltimore love thing, piggy bank, hate it or love it and the list goes on and on. Mad props to 50.GGGGGGGGGGG-unit!!!
Horrible.: This CD is horrible. 50 Cent really has gotten into the brains of children and alienated them into a sick world. Don't buy this CD...dont support communisim.
I GUESS THEY WOULD GIVE A RECORD DEAL TO ANYONE THESE DAYS. TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!: I have never heard such garbage. Nuff said.
This Album Sucks: Listen people, don't buy this album. This album is garbage. This album is less than nothing. The maximum amount of starts I would give it would be -5. But the lowest is a 1 of course. Fifty is garbage and this album should have never been released. The dumbest thing he could do is kick the Game out of G-Unit. Please people, DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM!!! Save your money and go buy Untold Story or The Documentary from the Game. Once again, THIS ALBUM IS GARBAGE, YOU SUCK FIFTY!!!!!!!!!!!
Sigh: Can aftermath disappoint me anymore? First Eminem drops his worst album ever, by far. Then i get hyped for 50's new release, and he follows by putting out his worst album ever. Get Rich or Die Tryin was a good CD, and power of the dollar was arguably better, but this CD is one of the worst ever put out. Aftermath is all about getting money from the public. G-Unit is about as bad as it gets, and the only ryhmes worth listening to, were the ones i already heard on "Get Rich". Not to mention Jada squashes the beef he started almost with one line "now this is a true fact, since when did it become cool to get shot and not shoot back?" I sure as hell dont know, but the publics enfatuation with his bullet wounds are over, and so is the hype behind 50.
Better than the first: wow this cd is The best. It might have some bad songs but Gatman that was funny and My toy soldier is a great song along with outta control, disco inferno , god gave me style which is sorta lyk his 21 question thang but this cd to me was great i dunt care bout all your otha opinions but this cd was the best cd so far produced by someone in g-unit
50 Cent - The Massacre: Sorry, but 50 Cent has OFFICIALLY sold out. He used to be decent when his Get Rich Or Die Trying album came out. But this? Wow, he criticized Ja Rule for making love type songs with girls. Then what does he do on this album? He does the SAME THING! Sell out, sell out sell out. Man. This album is straight garbage. Some of the tracks on this album has decent beats. But the lyrics, man 50 whats wrong with you. Especially using Ghostface Killahs "Metal Lungies" beat, the F you think you doing?Dont support wack music, save your money and find some real hip-hop elsewhere!
Pathetic: This album is a pathetic example on how mainstream music has gone to hell in the past five or six years. I don't normally listen to rap, if hardly at all, but there is the occasional rap artist that will catch my attention. 50 Cent is the prime example on how rap and mainstream music in general just sucks. Nobody wants to listen to someone who whines about how many times they've been shot, or how many girls and cars they got. The only people who listen to this are people who want to be cool or think they are cause 50 is so "hard." If you want some good rap to listen to, listen to Necro, Mr. Hyde, Ill Bill, Public Enemy, and Non-Phixon. Don't waste your money to support this worst example for a musician, if you can even call him that.
YUCK Emma Bunton (Baby Spice)'s Free Me album is way better: I have bought all the tune in tuesdays this year and so far the best one is Emma Bunton - Free Me. Former Baby Spice From The Spice Girls. Now If Emma Did a Better job than 50 Cent than he's got a Problem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0.0stars: The worst put together album of all time. I like real music. This really is absolute crap. If you like this you are obviously a white kid from the burbs.
50 Cent Is The HUSTLA: Well of course this album is suppose to be bad. 50 Cent has already made his riches off his first album. He knows that he has drew in enough hype to sell his records no matter how terrible they are and he's going to use that to his advantage. People need to realize that the music industry is corrupted. Music has become nothing more then a money making scheme that diminishes people. You think 50 really cares what people think of this album? I don't think so. Obviosuly he doesnt care about the album because it's trash. He is getting paid regardless and he will continue to get paid because he has someone else always promosing him this and that if he keeps doing what he do.
whack......: first this guy is nothing but a snitch. Second the game rips him and all of G-unit on 300 bars and runnin and 50's best comeback was 300 shots with 8 others on the track hahahah how whack and it couldnt even touch games diss. All you lil whack mofos think 50's hard he aint nothin but pop music and he will never be one of the best mc's. if you want real music you should have picked up AZ-A.W.O.L. instead of this bs G-G-G-G-G UNOT
Given a chance.: This collection of rhymes is repellant, at best. The sampling is as deplorable as are the sexist lyrics. This type of music although leaves me happy for one right: The freedom to crack the disc. I gave this rubbish a chance. Not a good ambassador for this genre of music.
STOP ALL THE HATING!: You can hate it or Love it. It does not matter Shady/Aftermath/G-unit is running rap period..50 makes hit records. He has a talanted crew and no one can mess with them..As far as Piggy Bank goes Jada and Fat Joe were dissing 50 for a while on the mixtapes he is just responding..Plus this will help Jada boost his sales since he cant seem to hit the million copies mark..If he is so good why cant he sell a million? Fat Joe sucks and should not respond to 50. And make was not loyal so he is OUT! what a stupid move on games part he should have kept quiet and and not got involved with 50's beef.
I can't believe how dense some of you people are...: Vlad, can't you detect sarcasm when you read it? Read the rest of MTV Rocks's reviews, friend! HE'S BEING SARCASTIC. HE AGREES WITH YOU. HE DOESN'T REALLY THINK FITTY CENT IS A TALENTED HOMEY. HE'S JOKING AROUND TO MAKE HIS POINT.I just don't understand it. So many people have criticized MTV Rocks on different reviews... the guy's obviously joking around! Am I really the only one who sees this?
Weak: This cd don't even compare to Get Rich Or Die Trying. He say its better and Tony Yayo say its 10x better than the 1st one too. That's why all the stuff happened to hype it up like they did the first cd and it worked. But this cd is WEAK so don't waste your time or money.
Not worth your money: I hate Fat Joe, i hate Nas, but when 50 just starts dissing people it's like he's got no talent. Get Rich or Die Tryin was exceptional, but now that 50 knows he's got a crowd he's releasing this crap.Worst song- Piggybank- completly ripped off from Ja Rule. All 50 does is diss Jadakiss, Fat Joe, Nas and Ja Rule. I dont buy a CD to listen to disses. 0/5Best- Hate It Or Love It (G-Unit Remix)- The Game's version is better. The lyrics are good. 4.5/5
50 comes back for another round: Since his first album sold 11 million I didn't expect this could top it and I guess everything has lived up to my expectations. The album is fairly solid. Its got some really strong songs namely, In My Hood, the much hyped Piggy Bank, and Gunz Come Out. If you've been listening to the Game/G-Unit/Lloyd Banks/Young Buck this album fits right in. 50 hast his own style but this is really similar to what the whole group has been doing.You probably won't be blown away by this CD but you won't be dissapointed.
Deserves 0 Stars: meaningless pointless no good full of cursing music. need i say more? if you wanna hear some great music, listen to evanescences album "fallen." damn, now thats some good music
Doesn't even deserve a full sentence: its garbage!, anybody who buys this album needs to go get their head checked out!
Good, but repition [gun shots mainly] is bad: I gotta admit, some tracks are really good. 'Lust A lil Bit' 'Get in My Car' and all the other favorites candy shop, disco, etc etc. Most people are complainig that this CD is not all that hot and sh*t. Its not supposed to be really. Its called the Massacre, [The Valentine Massace, really] its got a lot more soul, look at 'God Gave Me Style' and 'So Amazing.' Its a differnet side of 50. I do admit the gun shots get tired after the first song [intro actually], but that's his style. If you buy this cd, the first songs you should listen to are: Just A Lil Bit: Get In My Car: God Gave Me StyleIts a good song, its just underrated right now, but people will see the difference in his music.
This album sound like his last one: This CD was worse than 50's "Get Rich..." Jada tells it how it is"You ain't get shot again yet, so what's your second album about? (Nothin'!)"Your raps are pre-school, you made a lot of money, now be cool""...your new CD is a weed plate""Bunch of love songs, 100% pure garbage""Just somethin' to break up buds on""You should just sell clothes and sneakers""Cause outta your whole camp your flow's the weakest"
Wow the talent here is amazing!!!!: When will you inner city thugs realize that talking into a microphone over a drum machine is not music. Werd to your mutha yo. Peace in the middle east G money posse. Booyeeeee!!!
A Musician Plays Beethoven: For years, my touchstone recording of the 32 Beethoven Piano Sonatas has been the Arthur Schnabel 1930s version. I had always wanted sound on a par with the musicianship. However, Fleisher, my favorite "modern" Beethoven performer, although he has given us amazing performances of the piano concerti, never got to these before he was stricken.Have no fear. This is it! Frank's performance is wonderous. The desciple's musicianship is on a par with his mentor, and the sound lets me hear even more. It is even better than I hoped.
Low cost USB M-F cable: Plain generic cable that works perfectly. Cost about 1/5 of what you would pay at a name-brand store but without all the fancy packaging.
A really good read: Highly recommended. I am from California and as much as I didn't want to think that we will hit a snag in our social progress as being 'out' and that the community would once be ashamed of who they are (prior to the island development, around the year 2010 in the book) I found the book entertaining, thought provoking; coming up with a few questions of my own... like how did the inhabitants of Cali island survive those first years, where and how did they produce food from a savaged land that had been burned; what kind of industry did they develop and from what? The author mentions wood was scarce and a lot of their products were a plastic material... how did they develop the foundries to produce enough to sustain all the people; did they receive help from other peoples government from outside of the states?
Must read: Uplifting, emotional, feel good book anytime an absolute Must read! I want more from this author but this book is going to be hard to top.a real Pride Booster
Very difficult to follow. Highly advise to find another book: I am a 4.0 engineering major and I found this book to be one of the worst I have come across. I spent more time trying to figure out how the author got from point A to point B in his derivations than I did learning the material. It is not clearly written. Find another book!
Decent boots: I switched out my military issue jump boots for a pair of these Bate's zip-sided Enforcers. The construction is solid, and the cushioning is greatly superior to that in a standard issue military boots. If you've never worn boots with a zipper, I highly recommend them. The zipper makes getting out the door much easier. I do not know whether or not I would deploy without a backup pair of boots. If the zipper were to fail on these (in a deployed environment), you'd have a heck of a time keeping them on your feet. For stateside use (e.g. everyday Police use), they are a great boot.
A good place to start: This book is an excellent starting point for those who wish to tackle the 70-029 exam. However, don't expect to pass it without additional resources. I recommend "Professional Sql Server 7.0 Programming" by Robert Vieira. I also suggest the Transender practice tests and lots of practice with the product.However, this book is great for beginners. It is well written, easy to understand with numerous examples that clarify the topics. Four thumbs up!
Excellent overview of a "watch": The more I read, the more I was inspired to partake in an individual watch of the Lord. Though this book does not delve deeply into the different aspects of prayer, it does give an excellent overview of what a watch really is and how to undertake one, whether by one person or an entire church. It contains many inspiring examples of how the Holy Spirit revealed His direction for prayer during a watch in fresh and exciting ways. I highly recommend this book to Christians who are serious about praying that God's will be done in all arenas.
Romance that whispers to your heart: Unforgettable is so different from Ms. Smith-Brown's last book Plantation. A romantic suspense that kept me--as they say-- turning the pages! A warm, feel good kind of novel. Makes one believe fairytales really DO come true. Looking forward to her next book.
Fun, Fun, Fun!: I really enjoyed this CD. In response to Neverland, USA: I don't think Rosie has ever claimed to be a great musical star. She loves to sing and have fun and it shows on the CD. It makes a great addition to my collection of holiday CD's.
Huge Rosie Fan!: I Love Rosie and this is the best Christmas CD of 1999! I can't wait until next Christmas for her next CD!
Works good!: My boyfriend is a drummer and he's really hard on his sticks. AND despite the fact that he's an amazing drummer he's still really clumsy..hence his sticks flying out of his hands in the middle of a gnarly breakdown... these sticks help him from throwing them at his bandmates and helps protect the sticks aswell!
The first Berenstain Bears book.: This is the first Berenstain Bears book that I got for my daughter when I was expecting her brother. She loved it and now I have gotten it for my granddaughter who is waiting for her little sister to arrive. My daughters said that when she read it to her it brought back good memories of when I read it to her. Love this book.
This book is good for small children.: This is book is good for small children, who need to understand how a new baby will change their life without being saddled with details on labor, delivery and pregnancy. To those who expect more, get another book... this one was written in the early 80s, when such things were as openly discussed as they are now. Most fathers didnt go into the delivery room at the time. Besides, they're BEARS not people. Also, to the people who find the gender-role things askew, come on... again, this was not written in this decade... yes it is dated, but I personally don't WANT my kids reading a whole lot of details on the process. Last, some complain that the child would have to be stupid to not notice mama's changing shape... not necessarily. A very small child would only notice such a thing when it effects them (hence mama's lap getting too small).
Do Not Buy This Edition: This 2010 General Books edition of the Belloc classic is terrible quality, with enough typographical errors to make it unreadable. A much better one is published by TAN Books, which is also available here at Amazon at following link:http://www.amazon.com/Europe-Faith-Hilaire-Belloc/dp/089555464X/ref=cm_pdp_wish_itm_title_3
this is a good book!: I never wanted to read this until I borrowed it from a friend. Now, I am glad I did! If I had not read this book when I did, i never would have realized the connections with this series and others by Morris. The story is well written and keeps you on the edge of your seat. If you like these, you will love the Cheney Duvall series.
Music is flawless, but technical issues on Android: I bought these suites for my Android's music collection. I already knew the album and the amazing music Rostropovich produced.My gripe however is with the tracks' labeling and order.On the Android, you can only read the first ~ 25 characters of each track. Seeing "6 Suites (Sonatas) for Cello BWV1007-12, Sui..." on every line isn't very helpful - this is information that should go in the Album field, while the Track Title field should contain the most distinctive info first. I'm not saying that BWV1007-12 is useless info - it's probably very relevant to people who know the terminology. It's about title layout and practicality of choosing the track you want to listen. That made me also realize only late that the suites aren't in order - the Suite No. 1 is followed by Suite No.4...
Great book, speedy delivery: Insightful book from a Christian point of view as to how we can live our lives or God. Making difficult life choices while considering Gods will for us. It is a great simple book to read or incorporate into a book club. The vendor mailed it to me right Away. Excellent vendor!
A must have: A wheelchair cushion is a must have, if you have to spend much time in the chair!This one should fill the bill, at a moderate price level.Time will tell on durability.
The Good Wife - DVD Packaging: Ordered and received the item quickly. The problem lies inside the DVD case. When you have more than 1 DVD to any bundle/set you should NEVER - EVER - NOT EVER - attempt to stack DVDs on top of the other. First, they don't stay...thus causing scratches to happen to the DVD. SECONDLY you waste your customer's time in constantly trying to make sure they are properly placed so that they don't fall off which causes permanent damage to the DVD.Why not spend 50 cents more and place them back to back, like the other multi-DVD sets I own. It's not like your not charging a high price to purchase this product.This really bites. Now whenever I want to watch it in the future or lend it out to my DVD buddies, I will have to warn them of the cheaply made packaging and issues with the DVDs constantly slipping off and then verify that they are not scratched after each use.LOUSY PACKAGING.....
A Christmas Story for Kids.: MY FIRST STORY OF CHRISTMAS is a book geared towards younger children that tells the story of Jesus' birth. The book is written in a very simple and straitforward manner. Other than the usual vocabulary associated with Christmas (manger, shepherds, etc.) the words aren't difficult and should be understood by most children. Also, unlike many Christmas stories that have the shepherds and wise men arriving at the same time to the stable where Jesus was born, this story is more Biblically accurate as it illustrates the wise men arriving to see and worship Jesus several years after He was born. Roger Langton's illustrations that accompany the text are smooth, warm, and comforting; appealing the children's need for security. My only criticism about the book is that until the last page there is no mention why Jesus' birth was necessary; why it was so special. Other than that, this is a wonderful book telling the story of Christmas for young children.
pleasure: This is a fantastic movie. Am very happy with the quality of the film and higly recommend this product. Have not been disappointed with anything I have bought from Amazon.
Do not pay to download this!: Do not pay to download this article. Why, with the wealth of material on Ovid, would anyone charge for this review? Or worse, pay for it, as I did. The review skims through various versions of Metamorphosis without any compelling points to make, giving no sense of the argument of the book. This article does not even mention Ted Hughes, who is named in the title. The review spends one paragraph on the 18th c. and makes only superficial comments about Shakesepeare. You would do better to buy the book than buy this review. Had the review been free, I would have been much more charitable. But not for $5.95.
Love Those Hounds: This is another favorite album for me. You're not going to get better from an artist than a song like Running Up That Hill. And as someone who has a lot of inner struggles, so many of the tracks become outlets for those demons (Jig of Life for example). Waking the Witch seems to be about the Devil, which may freak some listeners out considering He has a voice in it. But not all of the songs are as dark as all that in case you're wondering. Cloudbusting is full of positivity--"I just know that something good is going to happen." This album proves that Kate Bush is a musical genius.
Awesome album!: I am a more casual Kate Bush fan, but I really love most of the songs on this album. My favorites are "Running Up That Hill," "The Big Sky," "Mother Stands For Comfort," and "Under Ice." My least favorite on the album is "Waking The Witch"-- I think it's just a little too out there for me. Maybe it will grow on me."The Morning Fog" has a very upbeat quality that none of the other songs really have and "Hello Earth" has some great vocal layering going on.Overall, I find this album outstanding. Perhaps with more listens I will love it even more!
Holds Up Remarkably Well: Kate Bush is often compared to Peter Gabriel (she even sings a duet with him on "Don't Give Up" from his SO album). The comparison is epecially appropriate here: HOUNDS OF LOVE has the theatrics of early Genesis and the world-beat percussion of Gabriel's later work, not to mention the passion and lyrical intensity. But Bush definately has a style all her own; this album sounds just as fresh today as when it was released. She is a remarkable performer and songwriter...give it a listen.
Not her best by a long shot: This album always leaves me with mixed feelings. "Running Up That Hill" I find tedious and repetitive (though it's the best song here). The entire first side sounds like an introduction to drum machine programming. To my ears, it gets monotonous. The Big Sky, and to a lesser extent, Cloudbursting suffer from the same drum machine problem. When Kate sings "Ooh, I just know that something good is going to happen" I don't believe her, and the delivery isn't ironic either. And what else is there? The second side (The Ninth Wave) is one disaster after another. Waking the Witch has laughable theatrics; the dirges on Hello Earth reek of bored composition from a bad Chant album. The deliberate Irish music injections feel out of place. Kate simply sounds out of energy, out of emotive powers. Her delivery in The Morning Fog is flat as the flat [Hello] Earth. Compared to The Dreaming or Lionheart or The Kick Inside, this album sounds bored, whiny...and not fun...and not interesting.
Low quality product: My nephew really loved, but I was a little surprised with the quality versus the price.
Fun for Star Wars fans: This is a great little cape. My son didn't take it off for days. He even slept in it! It is very lightweight and not very durable so be aware that the description is not acurate. Still, it was a good purhcase for those who want to be a furture Jedi.
Might as well be written by Castro himself: This book is propaganda pure and simple. I had to read this for a poli sci class last semester and it is horrible. It begins with the increaing interest in Marxism and socialism. And then goes on to profile che guvara and Castro and the implications for socialism after the 5 billion dollar subsidies dried up after the early 1990's.Don't waste your time buying or reading this extremely short and biased work. Their is no information and only tiny philosophical reasons why communism didn't fail after the U.S.S.R fall. Very short and biased and contains nothing of substance. Also very expensive for what amounts to propaganda.
A Major Disappointment: I preordered this book based on its advance publicity. It was a major disappointment. Written in the style of an extended "People Magazine" article, it would have been better titled simply "Bob abd Louis."It's reasonably well written, albeit in a breezy style, but you'll learn nothing more about Bob Hanssen, his character, or his motivations than you already know if you followed the news coverage of his arrest and conviction. You'll know more about Louis Freeh than you did before but most of it is "file and forget" trivia.The author started out I think to write a definitive account of Hanssen's extended espionage but soon found out he didn't have enough material for a full book so he went to his word processor, dragged up his notes for a book about Freeh (a project which I suspect he had abandoned when Freeh's career went in the tank), and merged then together into a one book.I felt I wasted my money buying it and, more importantly, my time reading it.
Why the Death Penality Should be Used for Traitors: Dave Vise's Book "The Bureau and the Mole: The Unmasking of Robert Philip Hanssen, the Most Dangerous Double Agent in FBI History" is a good chronology on the actions of one of the worst government employee that this country has ever had. It is not difficult to read and really makes you wonder on why people who can sell out their friends, their families, and their country have any reason to be left living.
Too small: For the state of Texas, which is huge, this is too small to be very useful. Lamination and foldability are nice.
Another poorly made opera video: Yes, I must agree with David Cady. This bad habit of producing opera videos with careless post synching is a serious problem about which film producers are remarkably careless. I've worked in the music and film business all my life and know that this lack of care is simply intolerable and unnecessary. Opera is not a naturalistic medium, and any attempt to make it so by re-setting it out doors, in the wrong acoustic setting (such as this Bohème), or acting as if the singers are not singing but in a play, is risible. It is hard to believe that professionals such as Karajan and Zeffirelli should have allowed this to happen. The Domingo/Freni Butterfly is even worse. A great musical performance ruined by an inept video production. Other similar mis-matches would include Glyndebourne's fabulous Porgy and Bess and the Decca/Solti Bluebeard's Castle. Horrible post-synching. The list is endless, sadly.
la Boheme with Mirella Freni: I love this Zeffirelli staging of La Boheme and bought it because of Mirella Freni's awesome voice. Will watch this over and over again. A perfect opera in every way.
I couldn't watch the whole movie: This has to be the slowest, most meaningless and most worthless movie I have ever watched.Good actors wasted their time and talents on this disaster of a film.I could only wonder why the actors accepted roles in this disaster.I'm only happy that I did not see this awful movie in the theater or I would have been very upset over a ruined evening. I would have walked out in the middle of the movie, upset.I watched the BluRay again later and discovered I was correct the first time.However, I should have quit the first watch five or ten minutes into the movie, since it never got any better, and I never should have tried to watch it a 2nd time. First impression was correct.This DVD went into the trash as I'd be far too embarrased to give it to anyone.
Would not recommend!: While I was serving in Iraq I had purchased a Coleman air mattress and it did wonders for the whole year that I was there. Once I returned I purchased another Coleman but in a bigger size for the guest room in my apartment which also did wonders. I am staioned in Germany and often travel to the states to visit my family and decided to puchase this Intex air mattress as something I could sleep on for whenever I'm there visiting. BIG MISTAKE!!! The first night I slept on it there weren't any problems, but from the next night on, the mattress could not hold air in so by the time I woke up in the morning I was sinking into the mattress. This also caused soreness because of the sinking bed as well as an uncomfortable nights sleep! Atleast now I know to stick with my Colemans!
If you like jazz fusion, you'll want this CD: I own this CD and I have given this CD as gifts to people and the first thing everyone has said is, I love their version of "I can see clearly now". This CD is great to listen to while driving or just hanging out at home. The rhythems are tight as the band blends musical genres. Just give this CD a listen and you will be hooked on this band.
Best original rap song in years: It's the best original rap song in years. I mean the beat is so up tempo and happy, you can't stay in a bad mood and hear this song at a club or on the radio. The "breakdown" part is so smooth. That's the most original part of the entire song. I mean how many rap songs do you know with a harmonica in the background? It's a hit from beginning to end.
Deeply Disappointed: "With Teeth" is a very strange title for this record, as it has none. It simply doesn't have the raw edge of all of his previous work. This morning I listened to this and then followed it with Pretty Hate Machine, just to get a direct comparison. PHM is *much* more lyrically and musically interesting and involving. You can tell that there was a lot of emotion that went into PHM, whereas "With Teeth" just doesn't feel like he put as much of himself into it, and none of the tracks have the musical complexity of past releases. There simply aren't as many or as interesting layers of sound in it. Makes me sad, because I've been a NIN fan for a long time, seen them live, was an awesome show, but next time they come through, I hope the live show avoids the new material...
With Teeth is a parody of Downward Spiral: The first time I tuned in on FUSE and saw the new "Hand that Feeds" video, I caught it near the end of it. At first, I thought the band was a bad NIN rip-off. But then I realized that the guy mired behind the increasingly-distorted digital effects and cliched screaming was infact Trent Reznor... again. This guy's in such a damn rut. He hasn't done anything unique since 94's Downward Spiral. He's milked that album for the past eleven years. With great success I might add. After all, there HAS to be an audience for this watered-down digital bullsh*t that Depeche Mode perfected by the time they'd finished their Violator tour in 1990, right? With a title that calls itself "With Teeth", this album is just asking for people to slam it. Let's see how many plays on the title we can come up with. "With Teeth" bites. "With Teeth" has no bite to it. Now come up with your own!I want more cutesy synth pop like PTM, Trent.
Fir those not wanting to read a TON about this album: For those not wanting to read 12 pages about this album.Read this. Its a very melodic and great NIN album. The lyrics are in rule in power to this album unlike past albums where it was a combonation of creative music and lyrics. Trent did a great job with "right where it belongs". The plot of that song pretty much sums up the albums plot and overall message. In other words its worth the money. Seeing is u can find that amount in change in your couch.
"sunspots cast a glare in my eyes": My opinion is this is a good summer album, despite some generic tunes and recycled lyrics. At least they're catchy, and kept me busy for a pretty long while without getting to the point of overkill. I like that it's more song-oriented than The Fragile anyway. Trent can do songwriting and mixing like nobody else, and he's not the greatest singer but he has his own thing down pat. In this genre, I can excuse the lyrics. If it's something I can rock in my car to, then I'm probably not going to be giving a whole lot of thought to the lyrics, anyway. It would still be worth getting just to hear the immense soundscapes.fyi ~ I'm not under 13. I posted this a long time ago but it never got processed.
KILL ME! KILL ME! KILL ME!: I am an avid fan of Nine Inch Nails. And simply put this is the most worthless album next to an avril lavigne album. I am no music connoiseur. Not even sure if i spelled that right. But comparatively, Trent Reznor has gone into a downward spiral musically. PHM was the best album ever. Broken followed it up with its brashness. The Downward Spiral expanded into concept territory as none before. The Fragile awed me with its melodies. With Teeth is an album unworthy of NiN. It sounds like Reznor got up one day and said, "Hey guys. You know what. I got an idea. Lets give up our roots and copy what everyone else is doing now. Only lets throw in some weird melodies half these other idiots never thought of." That's all this album is. And I like Trent Reznor, the old Reznor, so that's really hard for me to say, but it is true.
a step down but satisying enough: as a long time fan of NIN i consider this to be a step down from previous works but still found it satisfying enough.trent uses techno beats but still seems to make it work.i guess why i give it only **** is because it isn't as memoreable as other albums.the lyrics didn't speak to me as much and eventhough it's almost an hours worth of material it seemed to me to go by too quick.now this isn't neccessarily a bad thing it's just that...maybe it's because to me most of the songs are 'same sounding' and not as easy to be able to tell from apart.i know this sounds like a negative review but i still do like the album.i guess it's just one of those albums that you'd expect more of from trent.i almost want to say that it's more "poppy" than past material,especially the song,"the hand that feeds." all in all it's still a good album.but for those who are expecting another "downward spiral" forget it.
At first, I went..."what?!"...then it grew on me.: I didn't much like it on first listen. I put it aside and accepted I had wasted my time and money---only so many hours to listen to music in a day and this wasn't gonna be it. Well, I changed my mind, a rare occurence.Actually,this is a darn good CD. I still can't listen to track one,it's too bland and repetitive. Everything else is Reznor at a whole new level.The live drum sounds surprised me,and that's good. This CD sounds good on the home system and really good in the truck. Very good listening experience,just give it a shot.I'd buy it again.
old-school nin fan not pleased: this is the worst nin album ever, no contest. this might even be a candidate for worst album ever, if you consider expectations and how much an artist fell short of them. this is terrible music. i started listening to nin when broken came out and then fell in love with the group when downward spiral was released. fragile tested my patience, but i played nice and did my tour of duty (bought the album, saw a concert). with teeth is so bad. my gosh. i don't know what happened to trent.
LAME LAME LAME: Nine Inch nails are not cool, Gee what year was it 1992. give it up trent, You guys are posers, Yes you are.... Buy Ministry rather then Nine Inch Nails, Cuz Ministry is better
Worst NIN Album Imaginable: Anyone who truly appreciates NIN for its brilliance and innovation will not like this album one bit. The lyrics are detestable, while the music is often lost and unnatractively dissonant. 'With Teeth' plays more like an industrial Staind album that Nine Inch Nails. Some of the songs on the album are so bad they just make me laugh, while the album as a whole is so cluttered it made me vomit on one occasion. 'With Teeth' has potential to be a mildly decent ablum, however, the lyrics read and sound as if they were written by a 16 year old boy, which Trent has regressed to in making the album.
Hardly any gaps: If his most critically concise work can also be cited as his worst, Reznor can do no wrong. At this point there were just too many factions to appease but make no mistake, the studio wizard reigns supreme, merging straightforward industrial radio-ready rock with seamless production the likes few mainstream artists today get away with both critics and audiences simultaneously appreciating.
OK PIECE: I HAVE HAD THIS ITEM FOR 3 YEARS NOW. GOOD PRODUCT, BUT I WASTED MY MONEY, COULD HAVE GOT SOMETHING ELSE
5M: These hooks are excellent, if you are not sure of your needs or do not want to drill holes. I needed hooks on the side of a bookcase and piano for my daughter to hand her bags. Drilling holes was not an option and these hooks are doing the job very well. You need to follow the instructions carefully and wait for 24 hours before hanging anything on them. They come out very easily (again follow the instructions on removing) without leaving any mark.The only negative is that they are aesthetically not that pleasing. Given the weight tolerance of these adhesive tapes, 3-M should be able to come up with with some real metal ones.Overall, a great product and would highly recommend it.
Super for my Xmas project!: I don't have a mantel but do have a floor to ceiling wall of brick for my fireplace. I wanted to hang stockings on there so the little ones couldn't grab hold of them this year. (normally hanging off a short wall in my livingroom). It worked great! I had 13 of them and not a one fell.
Works great horizontally, but hook angle not long enough for vertical use: These hooks are easy to apply and come off cleanly like advertised. They hold a good amount of weight and feel pretty strong. If you are using it vertically, for example, on a wall, then it should work great. If you want to use it horizontally, for example, stick it on a ceiling and hang something from it that way, then the hook probably wont be able to hold it because the item will slip off since the hook "angle" isnt severe enough, if that makes sense.For most cases, this is a good, strong hook that will fit most people's applications. The pack comes with extra strips so you can re-apply the hooks later.
Indtin: I love these very good for what I needed I didn't research the price but I thought it was a good deal.
Will this get much use?: I purchased this pressure cooker to use in my camper through Amazon.com, and I was sorry I did. I have used pressure cookers for cooking and canning for over 30 years. Each one functioned well and served our family for a long time. When I received the Hawkins I had serious doubts about the longevity this cooker would have in my camper because of its construction - thinner gauged sheet metal in the body, long thin handle with points that looked less than strong, unfinished interior, etc. I contacted the company, but have yet to hear back from them. I decided to discard the item rather than risk it.
Great guitarist, great music: Christopher Parkening is a wonderful guitarist. On this release one can hear how wonderfully subtle a soloist he is. His phrasing on the largo movement of Vivaldi's Concerto in D (track 2) is particularly poetic. The Vivaldi pieces here are my favorites; I especially like the Trio in C (tracks 13-15). The combination of harpsichord, violin, and guitar is magical, making for some delicious baroque chamber music. In short, I highly recommend this recording.
One of the best MG's: After I completed this bad boy, and finished panel lining and decals, I was blown away at the level of detail. I have built many MG's, and this one has so much detail in comparison to others. When people see my other MG's, it is usually the Hi Nu which they are most impressed with. It will definitely become a highlight of your collection.
Big and messy: I bought this for my outdoor semi-feral cat. It is super wide and deep, not good for small dogs or cats. I modified it the best I could for smaller dishes to fit inside, but it is not easy to work with being so deep. The moat is very deep and wide so food gets dropped in it all the time which causes a mess, odor and bacterial issues. I have also noticed that this bowl creates a "shelter" of sorts for crickets and other critters to live underneath it. It does keep the ants out, but could be so much better. The open moat design causes a lot of problems. This would be okay for a large pet that doesn't make a mess when eating -- sticks their head in and doesn't come back out until they are done. Shopping for a different design, won't be using this one anymore.
Great ant-free double bowl - highly recommended: It was larger than I anticipated. Overall, it is a great product, beautifully constructed and works like a charm. I couldn't be more pleased with it.
She tried too hard...and the quality of the book shows it.: The author tried too hard to create five different personalities. Her methods of doing this were crude and obvious. I rushed through this book only to fulfill a promise that I made to read it. The book isn't worth a tinker's damn.
I must admit I was very dispointed with this book.: I began this novel hoping to read something new and different. I am forced to admit that I gave up after 290 pages. I know, only 60 to go, but this novel is just dreadful. Goth, angst, lesbians, homosexuals, the war in heavan ( not very well explained might I add). Who cares? I realized I didn't care about a single character. Not a very promising debue.
TRY AGAIN CAITLIN...you can do it: There is no story and the characters are boring losers, young freak street people involved in endless self-destruction, getting high, getting nowhere and screwing whom ever, living in garbage with garbage. The main char paints her bedroom windows black with spider webbing and only allows the lumination of candles. How retarded. How DEPRESSING. I've seen 20+ years of that kind of people walking the streets of The City(San Francisco), I personally do not need nor want to read about it! Especially without any point or direction. Where's the story? What's the point?I quess if you happen to be into rude and grude kool-aid red dreadlocks, dope smokers/slammers, mushroom eaters and acidheads, ....this is your book.If Caitlin R. Kiernan could only get a rolling story going she'd be dynamite, CUZ SHE CAN WRITE AND WRITE READABLE (you know what i mean)!
somewhere short of fantastic: i enjoyed the book for the most part but it was nothing that i had hoped for and was quite dissapointing as the horror didn't arise until almost the last chapter and what was the horror was hardly imaginative or well explained. overall i would say that if you're looking for vivid writing buy this book but if you're looking for horror, this is not what you're looking for. the horror was shabbily thrown together and the ending was poorly examined which left me with a dissapointed look in my eyes and an urge to get up and pick up one of my "good" books just to get the horror i wanted.
WHAT'S THE POINT: I Saw this idiotic movie, i'm still finding out how this movie is funny, destruction of property, loitering, seeing a guy bowl a ball with him at the end of the lane. Is this some kind of live action cartoon or morons doing stupid things to get some in trouble. Face it if you like Backyard Wrestling (which I don't) you would like this poor piece of [garbage] "movie", if you can call it that! no plot, no story, in mean to a reason to watch it, just people doing things, BORING, take it from me, Tom Green is the worstest comedie ever, and this "movie" should be dispose of!
some good laughs on a crappy pile: why this movie was made thats up for me to find out..but anyways the jackasses are here with more gross out and stupid **it that you may or may not handle and some will find it offensive..idiots will find it funny..because they have no taste whatsoever...the funniest moment would have to be in the beginning where Johnny Knoxville rents a car and then demolishes it and returns it to the owner running away...then it gets into real lame and crappy humor.....
"better than Citizen Kane"??? i don't think so...: I watched the TV show many times... i stopped watching it when I saw one of the Jackassess eating his own vomit (yeah! you readed it well)...I can't believe that someone compared this gross movie (where the Jackassess eat their own urine) with Citizen Kane.
Good Music - Pathetic Film: The 2 stars is for the music alone. The movie is vulgar and pointless. I'm certainly no prude, but watching some guy do a bowel movement in public or another inserting toy cars into his hind end really isn't my idea of entertainment. Nothing is sadder than watchng a sorry group of druggies trying for the attention that their parents never gave them. If this what we've come to, then I'm sorry for all of us.
Moderately funny at some points, but goes to far in others: Jackass is funny when it comes to the crazy and creative stunts they do. I've always thought it was commendable how they put their bodies on the line to bring us a laugh, but...I guess Johnny Knoxville needed an R-rated movie to show his boys puking in restaurants and crapping in hardware store toilet models. I don't know how anyone can find that funny. I have a sick sense of humor, but this stuff went beyond my level.If there had been some kind of plot at least this might have gotten a 3 out of 5 for attempting something worthwhile for Jackass fans, but I guess that's to much to ask. It staggers blindly from one scene to another and, as I said before, Knoxville couldn't resist not having his most disgusting stunts put on film.
Always check the reviews: I will ALWAYS check with the reviews here on Amazon before I purchase another "Classic War" movie. I purchased this at Suncoast video and was expecting an epic WWII movie, you can all imagine my disappointment after sitting through 1-1/2 hours of this mess.
War movie?: For the first five minutes I thought that this was going to be one of the best war movies I'd ever see, but then suddenly the movie back tracks to the years preceeding the D-Day invasion to document the love triangle that developed between a gorgeous woman and two of the officers in the commando unit. This lasts for much of the rest of the movie, with only five or ten minutes in the end consisting of a reasonably decent combat sequence. Personally, I'm not a huge fan of infidelity being masked as "romance," which made the movie all the more annoying to watch. This should simply not be considered a "war movie" or a "classic".
Well done!: A great debut by a new author --- charming and delightful. I look forward to future books by Gayle Callen.
Miraculous: If you can imagine a great Mozart opera, with the ideal orchestra, the ideal conductor, the ideal singers and the ideal performance, then this is what youare looking for. This recording is a miracle and has no match since it wasreleased. An essential for Mozart and every Opera lovers.
I'll give it one more try: I suffer from motion sickness when sailing in ocean swells. Looking for an alternative to traditional seasick pills, which always make me very drowsy (even the "non-drowsy" type), I decided to try Motion Eaze. My first time using it I got sick twice on a three hour sail, so it doesn't seem to work for me. I will give it one more try, however, since the last time out I allowed myself to get hungry, which can enhance the feeling of motion sickness.
The best album yet!!: I've been waiting a long time for this album, and ever since I saw the video for "Here to Stay" my excitement for the CD was even greater, all the song in my taste are very good, and to top it all off, they've included a hidden Hip Hop version of the song "Here to Stay", which makes the album even more enjoyable. If your a dedicated Korn fan i would strongly rcommend this album.
Finally!: YES!! Finally KoRn's 5th album is out! I must say Untouchables is awesome! It is somewhat different from KoRn's previous albums because some songs are more melodic than hardore. However, KoRn manages to keep their eerie guitar rifs, hard bass tunes, kwik drum beats, along with Jon's growly voice. KoRn just gets better and better! My personal favorites are "Beat It Upright" and "Wake Up Hate" but i have to say all the songs kick a$s! I definetly suggest that everyone goes out and buys a copy of Untouchables!
nearly great, IN A LEAGUE OF their OWN: KORN HAVE REMAINED TRUE, unlike tool BEAT OFF ADNUSEUMS AND deftone NOTUNES weve got, lets race off and find the latest PRODUCER TO kinda like madona change,cause all THREE NEVER wases neverHAd A SHRED OF originalty nor any IMAGINATIONS, korn has the opposite problem SOMETIMES THEYRE TOO GOOD THAT WHY LOTS OF PEOPLE LIKE TRY TO TEAR EM DOWN TO SIZE, SOMETIMES THE SONGS CRAWL like a tooth ache,THEIR WHOLE SALE APROPRIATIONS sometimes, seem muddled in DIRE hoplessness, BUT ATLEAST THEY SHOOT FOR THE RAFTERS,
A good band gone to waste!: DON'T BOTHER GETTING THIS! IF YOU WANT KORN GET ANY OF THE OTHER CDS BUT STAY FAR AWAY FROM UNTOUCHABLES!
a BEAUTIFUL ALBUM: This is an aweasome album, I don't care what anyone else says! Since I bought it I've been hooked on jamming with it ever since. Though it has a slightly different sound from the pervious (like all the Korn albums), it throws some WICKED and creepy new melodies at you. Though it is the fifth album, Korn has not tired themselves with the same old same old. Tracks like "Here to Stay", "Thoughtless", "Hollow Life", and "Alone I Break" give off ALOT of feeling through Jons talented voice and the beautifully blended guitars, drums, and synthetics. It has a well-balanced number of extreme screamer songs and slower melodies. This is definitly an album you should add to your collection new or old fan! I don't see how anyone could not get down with this album...makes me want to sing...and scream along! KORN IS HERE TO STAY
Dissappointment: This CD is a pretty big let down. I was around for the 1st Korn CD, and I was hooked. I loved that CD. It was amazing. Then LIP came out, not as good as the 1st one, but still pretty good. Then, Korn hits MTV era. Follow the Leader and Issues weren't good, and I was waiting for Untouchables to come out. I got it, and I feel cheated. This CD makes Issues seem great. Like I said, this CD is a HUGE letdown. I think most of the original Korn fans know this, but don't buy this.
Another boy band?: Since when did N'Sync start playing guitars? Oh, thats right, these guys are a "metal" band. These guys are no more metal than O-Town or Sum 41. I'm sure all the little Korn fans that call themselves "hardcore" will not find my review helpful (even though they've already bought the damn album) and click that little button over and over again.
Enough Already: I can wholeheartedly say that Korn represents pure hate better than any other band currently. Unfortunately, there is nothing original about their delivery or their sound. There is no outcome, solution, or message inherent in the songs, just emotional despair - despair that starts to sound like whining after the umpteenth song about hate, hate, hate. They have made a career out of profiling teen angst, while their songs are on second glance, vacuous. The shows bite, the atmosphere is depressing; Axl Rose and/or Mike Patton did vocal ventriloquy better than Davis ever could, and the current crop of Top 40 anger bands are thin, untalented shadows of them. At least they celebrated their anger rather than regurgitated it to the extreme.
~K o r n at its best~: Great album, probably the best album that korn has put out. Nice and Heavy and full of amazing melodies.
sex change: Wot has happened to the band that i loved at album one has jonathon davis had a sexchange because he souns like a girl and the whole album this continues pure assult to the ears.
About Time: After a series of one or two hit cd's, Korn has found that magic they had with their debut Korn. Every song not only Rocks, but this whole things flows from one song to the next. It never slows down and never skips a beat. Any Korn fan who was disappointed by their recent attempts to produce a quality CD owe it to themselves to get this CD. You won't be sorry.....
Newer, but not exactly better.: I've always been a big Korn fan, I hooked in about the time that Follow The Leader came out. Anyways, when I heard that Korn was coming out with their new album, I rushed to the store to get it. Came home, popped it into the stereo, and all I got was disappointed. While the album has its few good songs, overall its not my cup-of-tea. I prefered Life Is Peachy and Follow The Leader to their new one. I think the band wanted to make something new, something that took it in a new direction. Bad move. Although it does have its good songs, like Here To Stay, Im Hiding, and Wake Up Hate, the majority of the songs were below average.If you're an older fan of Korn, I dont recommend this one.
KoRn is back and here to stay: This is deffinetly an amazing Cd. A major improvement from iSsuEs and Follow the Leader, but it's no self-titled. It's alot heavier then most of KoRn's old stuff, and really shows how much more they have in stock for more years to come. This is an awsome Cd, and if you're a KoRn fan, you'll love this Cd. It's deffinetly worth the money.
Pure Overated Crap: I wish I could give this CD 0 stars.The Fake Metal band every REAL metalhead despises is at it again with another crapfest of thrown together hooks and neverchanging guitar riffs. The drums are slow as a fricken turtle and he couldn't go any slower with those clicky ass double bass drums. Johnathan's voice couldn't get anymore annoying. He sounds like he has a twig up his ass and I want to punch him because he sucks. Fieldy is a pretty good bassist, I'll give him that but he should join a BETTER band, like Cryptopsy. If you think this CD is heavy, prepare to be blown away and listen to something really heavy, like BREEDING THE SPAWN by SUFFOCATION.
KORN - THE UNTOUCHABLES.: This Korn CD rocked!!! Here To Stay is easily my favorite song on this album. I also love Thoughtless, Wake Up Hate, Hollow Life, Embrace, Bottled Up Inside, and Hating. These songs kick [butt]. I love 'em. However, some of the singing by Jon Davis is a bit cheesy but this album is fun nonetheless. If you love Korn, then you'll love this album. So what are you waiting for? Get it and enjoy it!!!
Absolute GARBAGE!!: Korn is like alot of some cool fans before TRL decides to market them to snotnosed 13 year old kids who claim they are the greatest band, if you want a good band listen to bands like Aerosmith the Beatles bands that can stay together and not sell out. I made the mistake in byuing this new cd hoping that it would be good I was dead wrong it [STINKS] the only good song is the 1st one. The rest of the cd is Jhonathon Davis winning and moaning like a 2 year old baby. Come on Korn you graduated Berkley College for MUSICANS Act like it not like Sell Outs
Same old, same old.: You'd think after 10 years, Jon would have something better to do than whine some more. The sound is thicker and heavier, yes. But lyrically, they haven't grown much since 1992.The bass line about halfway into "I'm Hiding" sounds almost exactly like "Here to Stay"'s bass line.
Untouchables: Untouchables is I think probably the best Korn album to come out since their self titles album. The 14 tracks on the new CD are heavier in the instruments and the singing by Jonathan shows that korn can change their style and make it sound great. I love this album and all of the songs are great to hand bang to. If you love Korn as much as I do then you will buy this album and you will appreciate the style that korn has created.
What were they thinking?: This is the most horrible cd by korn definately (Issues ... too but at least had 2 good tracks on it). Old school korn lovers will hate this album. The old harder stuff by korn is awesome....this just plain ... There isnt really a good track on the whole cd. I dont know where korn is goin with this new ... sound but they need to bury it.
A very un-Korn Korn album: Don't get me wrong; I love Korn to death, but the magic isn't there anymore. The fact is that the style of metal that they created has been beaten to death by countless imitators(Limp Bizkit, Linkin Park, Disturbed, Slipknot and at least 60% of the bands on modern rock radio). I doesn't sound as fresh and as innovative as it once did on their first two albums, Korn and Life Is Peachy. And they even beame revitalized with making their nu-metal more progressive with their best album, Follow The Leader and Issues. But Untouchables and their most recent album Take A Look In The Mirror did something that actually few rock albums actually do; it bored me. I rarely listen to either of them, and I do hope that the band recaptures the creative spark that the had through the 90's. Peace.
STILL TO THIS DAY: I still listen to this cd today as well as all the others. I have made my own Korn greatest hits cd and can't stop listening to it either."Untouchables" is one of the best albums they have had in a long time. This cd is one of those where you get addicted to it and can't stop listening to it.1-Here to Stay- 10/102-Make Believe- 10/103-Blame- 10/104-Hollow Life- 10/105-Bottled up Inside- 10/106-Thoughtless- 10/107-Hating- 10/108-One more Time- 9/109-Alone I Break- 10/1010-Embrace- 9/1011-Beat it Upright- 10/1012-Wake up Hate- 10/1013-I'm Hiding- 10/1014-No One's There- 10/10BONUS TRACK- Here to Stay(Different Version then first)-10/10Korn will remain one of my favorite bands. Number one on my chart.There cd's ratingsKorn-Korn- 10/10- best korn cd ever.Korn-Life is Peachy-10/10- Still a favorite.Korn-Follow the Leader-9/10Korn-Issues-8/10- least favorite.Korn-Untouchables-10/10Korn-Take a Look in the Mirror-10/10.THANK YOU FOR READING MY REVIEW.
Back to heavier Korn, while keeping experimental edge: I was happy that Korn was taking a step back into heavier territory with this album, and it is a much stronger cd then "Issues" was. "Here to Stay", "Thoughtless", "Alone I Break" are the singles, but there are lots of other songs on here that are great. There are still a couple of weaker songs here and there, but for the most part, I was happy with this cd and still listen to it regularly. Their earlier cds are heavier and have stronger, harder hitting songs.
Untouchables Review: This CD, is great. Undoubtly Korn's heaviest album yet. It has a nice selection of songs - plenty to keep you satisfied for a long time. There are 15 tracks in all, 14 which are shown on the CD case - one is a kind of "hidden" track which is the remix for Here To Stay. And if you buy the album before June 27, you score exclusive membership to the Korn Kamp till 9/15 - Korn Kamp is Korn's fan club. In addition to that, you get access to 7 tracks online ! Buy this CD - it is full of great songs, plus it comes with the Here To Stay video. One more can you ask for ?
KoRn will never lose it: This is the Epitomy of all things KoRn. They add a new style but keep the KoRn mentality. This is definatly an all time great it has every emotion you can think of. It will always be remembered as a great album that lived up to its hype.
BEST KORN CD OUT OF THE FIVE: ... When Untouchables came out, I couldn't wait to buy it. It's similar to Issues because of voilent lyrics, but different because it's alot heavier with better bass. Fieldy must have been practicing. Jon's vocals scream (feel sorry for me) with his raw, screaming voice. David has mastered the drums and the heavy guitar riffs between James and Head are excellent. This cd has its soft moments, but the hard, loud moments give you the spooky sense of death metal. Rap plays a small role in this cd also. It's Almost like a not nearly as fast version of Slipknot. If you don't have any Korn cds, you should buy this one first, just so you can hear all the great aspects of this band roled into a single album. THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST OF KORN!
The Evolution of KoRn: This is a beautiful record and obviously shows how far this band has come along in their musical and personal journeys. To say that this record "is not true to the KoRn formula" would be the same as admitting that you have never truly listened to a KoRn record before. If there is a "KoRn formula" it would be: NO LEAD GUITAR, LOW TUNED INSTRUMENTS, PERCUSSION STYLE BASS, PAINFULLY HONEST LYRICS, RAW EMOTIONALLY DRIVEN VOCALS and this formula has been delivered time and time again throughout this band's musical career by the five unique members that make up KoRn; this record is definitely true to this formula. True, it does have its hints at melody but I think this helps convey the emotions in the lyrics a whole lot better it also shows a musical range that I'm sure some thought this band incapable of achieving. For those who say this record is soft, trust me, even at it's softest it is still their heaviest record to date a true Masterpiece.This is one experiment that works!
P.U.: I remember when Davis was interviewed for this album, Davis said it will be the hardest album yet. Great I said 2 myself,but the problem with this album is that if there wasnt a space between the songs it would be 1 long drawn out song. Korn has had there day I think, now all they seem to be doing is living off the name. This album is very weak in every sence of the way, if you are new 2 korn start with the early stuff first. This album smells of eggfarts, Pull my finger they r done. And 2 eveyone out there stop following the crowd and think 4 yourself, for if this was a new band debuet album nobody in there right mind would buy it, it would be passed by. And that is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, blah blah blah.
Zelda Nintendo GameCube Bundle Review: This is an awesome game system. It has an amazing picture quality and it comes with a fantastic game. It is all around the best gamecube bundle. I like my Playstation 2 more, but this was a great second machine. Definitely buy this awesome deal.
NICE!: GameCube is a must-have console.The best graphics of all the 128bit consoles!The best games of all the other Nintendo consoles!The controller is very confortable, much more than X-Box and PS2(I can tell that becouse I've played on the 3 systems).But BEWARE!If you already have one, and are buying this just for the Zelda games, don't waste your money.Go to the official Nintendo site, register your GameCube and 2 games and you'll got it in 2 weeks!!!For those who does't have a GameCube, I recommend to buy it now!
Dual Disc CD won't play in many CD players: How idiotic. So far this CD ONLY plays on my computer. I have 4 other CD players, one of which I bought ONE MONTH ago and the CD will not play. On the back of the CD there is small print saying that "the audio side does not conform to CD specifications and therefore will not play on some CD and DVD players". Maybe Amazon needs to make that very obvious in the writeup on the CD.I pay my money for the music legally and I can't listen to it. I am not likely to pay return shipping on it to Amazon b/c it isn't worth the effort or money. I feel pretty ripped off. Now I'll have to COPY it onto a CD to listen to it.
Wonderful!: I have played this CD nonstop for three days in a row now and I just love it more and more. The lyrics are splendid - witty, deep and on the spot, and the music is clever and beautiful. The more you listen the more you discover.This is as far from Britney Spears and mainstream mass-produced pop-ballads as it gets, so if you are not very musical and don't like to listen to the lyrics this is not for you. For you who are - enjoy.
Disappointed in this: This cd is so bad. I only listened to it once and I never wanted to hear any of the songs again. It's almost as bad a children's cd and that is what the background music on it reminds me of. This is the kind of music that the Olsen twins would release if they ever put out an album. It is so bad. It's like she is partonising her audience with lame children like sing along songs. Please don't buy this without hearing it first. Someone got it for me because they knew I liked Fiona Apple and now I realize, You can't count on her music to be good.
Terrible pressing - avoid Plain Records Pressings!: I am completely disappointed in the quality of this release. This is one of my favorite albums and to hear to treatment this company, Plain Records, has given it is truly upsetting. This company has repressed many great 90's LPs and from what I'm reading on forums [...] they are all terrible in quality.
Fiona say it isn't so...: Maybe I had lofty expectations for this album, but in my laymen's opinion this album did not even come close lyrically or rhythmically to her previous two albums. It is a shame because I really wanted to like this album, or maybe I was looking for more consistency in the songs, but I just did not feel it. Sure there are a few noteworthy songs, but unfortunately this album on the whole was a let down. I just hope I will not have to wait so long for her next one.
This book is a good for Nikon users; it's worth buying.: This book is very good, but slightly out of date. For example on Kodak's website, the data shown indicates better reciprocity performance on Kodak Gold 100/200 speed film than for 400 speed(or 800 speed), but in this book it has different information. Also some newer Nikon lenses like the 70-300mm 4-5.6 D zoom lenses are not included in the charts. It doesn't contain very much information on data backs or Photo Secretary either, but does contain very complete operating instructions for the cameras that it lists (The F5, F4, N90s/F90X, N70, and FM2). It includes quite a bit of information on techniques and some helpful tips.
MAY BE THE ANSWER TO YOUR NIGHTMARES: The University of New Mexico (Albuquerque) did a study with a PTSD population who had terrible nightmares. The research was based on cognitive behavioral techniques and techniques from this book. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find the specifics of the study to see exactly what they used. The results were good which is exciting. NIH funded the study so that might be an avenue to find the details.
Perfecta interpretación: No tengo muchas palabras para expresar la genialidad interpretativa de esta grabación. Sólo escuchen el diálogo entre el Compositor y Zerbineta del Prólogo, o el monólogo de Ariadna (Brillante Schwarzkopf), o el sublime final de la ópera.
So, so, not a very entertaining read...: Halliday is purely interested in the man's sexual behavior and his romantic exploits. Contrary to some of the quotes about the book, I did not feel like it allowed me to get to know Jefferson better. There is practically no mention of his public life and accomplishments. Halliday expends tremendous energy on criticisizing other historians for their conclusions, which becomes very cumbersome and boring.
A slice of history when baseball was a game: Not much I can say about this book. It's dated, to be sure. It's a book for elementary school children. It was something I had (and lost) and read as a child. After years of being out of print, I saw it in the used book section of Amazon and took the opportunity to reacquaint myself with a bit of my past.The book very, very briefly covers the careers of the first 5 Hall of Famers, including a story or two with each micro biography. Then there are a few pictures for each player. Finally, there is a statistical chart for each individual, as well. And that's it.I give it a 5 because of the history I share with this book. But it's sorely antiquated. The best I can say is that it represents a better time in the history of baseball.
learn a little first: It's probably a good thing that most conservatives don't have a sense of humor. They certainly won't use it reading this book. Go get Al Franken's book to learn something and laugh at the same time.
Not a good representation of conservatism...: As a conservative, I must say that this book left a bad taste in my mouth. The public's perception of the Republican Party as "mean spirited" comes from works precisely as this one, which aim to only attack, and really offer nothing substantive to say. I'm sure I'd agree with many of Mr. Mauro's ideals, but the way they're presented here really turns me off.
Sad and Unfunny -- A Waste of Paper: Man, this book was bad. The cover provides a clue about the level of insight in this book. It depicts Al Franken with computer-generated buck teeth. I mean, that's like releasing a book entitled "George W. Bush is a Stupid, Ditsy Blond" and then computer-dying his hair blond. That degree of ineptitude is on display throughout every unfortunate page of this crummy excuse for a book.I would sooner pay money to NOT read this book than to read it. It's so not funny, it's sad. I only hope the author and publisher can somehow give me back the time I spent reading this--time which could have been better-spent staring at a wall or watching grass grow--and the money I spent on it. This book was bad.
Tries to hard to please and falls flat: Al Franken's book was a blast that resounded because so many people took that fat windbag Limbaugh seriously. Mauro's vapid tome misses the wit and bite that Franken's had. The jokes here are entirely predictable and unfunny. Next time the conservatives should try finding someone with some verve and cleverness to write a humorous attack tome as this one just falls flat. Then again, creativity is not a strong suit for most conservatives...
They Must Have Placed The Wrong Cover on This Book: On the cover of my book it says "Her (Iris Murdoch) wise, witty and compulsive novel. I have spent many hours of my life reading a wide variety of "important" authors, and finally got around to reading Iris Murdoch. The fact that IM is a philosopher was an added attraction to me.What to say. The only one word description of this novel that comes to my mind is "pedestrian". It was an easy read. It had a few interesting people in it, and they had various issues in need of resolution. The story moves along at a good pace, but something is really lacking. I am sorry, but I did not find it "wise, witty and compulsive". I found it to be a plain, uninspired narrative.Perhaps I picked the wrong Murdoch book. I'll try another one soon.
Great case for the money: The case is very well made and has ample padding. Side pockets are roomy. Has a heavy duty zipper. I use it for a Marlin Model 60 .22 with a 3 X 9 variable scope. The case is big enough for the scope with no problem, but I wish it was a little longer. I got the 40" case and the gun fits lengthwise but there is not a lot of room. As usual buying from Amazon was a great experience. Great price, nice selections, and speedy delivery.
Nice case...does NOT fit AK47 or 30 rd clips: Not sure what the rest of the people reviewing were thinking when they said this fits an ak47. Mine is squeezed in like a sardine. It does not "fit" it bulges out the sides and you have to wedge it in. This would work if you have a folding stock but not a normal butt stock. Oh, and forget about fitting a 30 round clip in the clip holder correctly....it will fit but the flap is too short to cover it and the velcro will not stretch to close it. I would be ok with it if the clip holder was designed better...but all and all for a stock ak47 this will not fit and it will not fit 30 rd clips.....not sure if the longer cases have different clip holders but i doubt it.
great for the money: I read the reviews and was a little skeptical, hear a lot of bad stuff about ncstar products, but i imagine they have this made elsewhere and stick their name on it. For the price you cant beat it, its only twice as much as a slim rifle case without any pockets. The picture in the description is slightly different than the one i got. ordered camo, its a off pattern of digital army, but not too bad. also the trim was not black, but more olive/foliage in nature. not loaded it up yet but before you buy take a look they offer several sizes, just as separate listings. in case you want smaller or bigger. One other thing to note is,the flap for the pockets opens and gives you access to all pockets at once, just keep that in mind when you open it so nothing falls out due to gravity. its more than enough for airsoft, and seems fine for rifles. once i use it a few times ill see if it holds up, but it feels sturdy enough for what it is.
Quality Case At A Great Price: This product was half of what most retail stores charge. It is padded on the inside to protect a scope. This is a great case for carrying to and from the range or for storing in a closet or under the bed. I dont know that I would want to throw it behind the seat of my truck and forget about it, but it is definetly a nice quality soft case for an excellent price. Fits an m-4 with a 3-9 x 40 scope nicley and the 5 outter magazine pockets are a nice feature.
single rifle case: I bought this in May of 2011 for an AR with a collapsible stock, knowing I was getting what I paid for. I only used it to take the rifle to and from the range and it has held up better than I expected. I would not expect it to last long if it was being used every day (for instance if a Law Enforcement Officer had to transfer their weapon from their patrol car daily) but I would have purchased a different case if I needed that.
Very high-value soft case: This case is great!-Thick foam padding on the sides AND bottom to protect your rifle-Five handy magazine pouches that close securely behind a velcro panel-A big, metal, double-zipper to keep the main compartment closed up-Metal buckles and D-rings to secure the shoulder strapI can't find anything wrong with this case, and you definitely can't argue with the price. I bought the 36" and it cost me less than 20 bucks! I'm very satisfied with this case.
Not the same as pictured: I received a case that had one small zippered pocket on the side instead of the five magazine pockets that are pictured. The case would have been great if the magazine pockets were there instead of the zippered one. It fit my SW MP15MOE perfectly.I returned the item since the zippered pocket is useless.
Christmas Present: Got it for the fathet-in-law for Christmas. he seems to like it for his Ruger 10-22 SR. it fits well and holds his magazines.
Awesome: Great price for a nice simple rifle case. Fit my S&W AR-15 perfectly. Holds 30 round mags on the outside fine and shuts closed fine. no issues. You can fit the rifle with a mid-size / small scope. The bigger optics may have issues zipping up.
works i guess: the other day before receiving this today my friend sold me his new gun bag that he got al walmart for 26 bucks and is bigger better made and thicker padding then this one so i will be using that instead
to good to be true: This product is a piece of junk....the description suggests a much better quality item.The holders are not even bent consistantly.If it wasn't so inconvienient I would return it.
Great book even for advanced ActionScripters: I never review books on Amazon, but I had to chime in on this one. I've been using Flash since version 2, and I like to think that I'm doing some pretty heavy stuff with ActionScript. However, just the first few chapters of this book swept away a cloud in my head. I knew about Object Oriented design & structure, and about listeners & event engines and such, but this book made a lot of things very clear about the application of these concepts. I think that you accomplished ActionScripters out there will still find this book enlightening, and for those of you that know AS somewhat, reading this book will put you on the right path.
Learning OOP in Flash? Get this!: Even if you have experience with OOP in other languages like C# or Java, OOP in Flash has its own special nuances. Sam and Branden have masterfully covered in these nuances in their book on the subject.For me, the best part of the book is that they assume nothing in the process of learning OOP, partially because, with Flash, you can't assume that your previous OOP knowledge will translate cleanly. The book is well organized, and the information on component use and construction is second to none.If you are a Flash coder and aren't using these techniques, you are probably wasting a lot of time in your development tasks.
book w/o cover: book took longer than I thought it would since I had paid for expidetited shipping. But included a holiday so I should have just sent it regular rate. Also, book came with the cover, but the cover was not attatched to the book. Happy Birthday surprise. oh well.
Grand Tour lives up to its name: I read the first edition of this book in 5th grade, shortly after Voyager started beaming back images to Earth. The paintings back then captured my imagination and led to a lifelong love of astronomy. Glad to see that the authors/artists have continued to keep this book current. I think it's still written at the right level for a science-minded kid that doesn't want to be talked down to but still more approachable than your standard science journal.
I Loved This Book!: As someone who was thrown into the world of dogs and "dog people" after acquiring my first dog 2 years ago, I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I could relate to so much of the story, from the author's initial bewilderment and frustrations of new dog ownership to her development of a love and bond with this animal so strong that it indeed becomes a personal life transformation. A humorous, touching story I would recommend to all dog owners!
Great workout.: I like this step DVD although you would have to be very, very familiar with the instructor's style to do this one the first time out.It starts with a vigorous warm-up (on and off the step) and then goes into a single step 45 minute routine and a short 5 minute double-step (two steps side-by-side) routine.The 45 minute portion is a truly advanced workout. I had to replay portions (which I don't mind doing) to get some of the steps. I consider myself an intermediate to advanced stepper. Towards the end, I just did my own moves to keep my heartrate up and watched the DVD so I would be ready for the next time. I appreciate the fact that this is interestting enough to want to continue learning.The cool down is sufficient and the stretch is a little short for me, but I usually complete a yoga stretch on my own after working out, so it didn't bother me.I will keep this DVD in my rotation.
re: clinical handbook: no wonder the item was soo cheap, it was an earlier edition; the image or picture they posted was of the latest edition. the item was in good condition, though, and it came quickly. just hoped the seller gave a more accurate description.
a compelling account with Haitink's trademark concentration and intensity: The review by Santa Fe Listener hits the nail right on the head.This reading is certainly not the standard pastoral approach favoured by most English conductors, emphasising as it does the work's ominous tones, probably appropriately given the historical context in which the symphony was written.Haitink's interpretation is measured and concentrated, and for those familiar with the recordings of Boult or Handley, may take some adjusting to.It is well worth the effort however, as this recording casts a different light on the work, rather as did Previn's account with the LSO on RCA some years earlier.But whereas Previn was fresh and exciting, Haitink is brooding and intense.This is a very convincing account, extremely well played, and the recording has excellent depth and definition.
Tasty Chunx Abound!: How fortunate was I to pick this album up the day of release! And What A Release! Lemmy & his Bruise Brothers fire off a few more rounds to nail ya down! Premier selections include: Shut Your Mouth, Mine All Mine, Brave New World, and my personal fave, Voices From The War! Please do yourself a favor, enjoy the 1st song on the disc, skip past the 2nd & then Buckle In!
Very effective cleanser and make-up remover!: I bought this cleanser/make-up remover on a whim and am really glad I did! I am currently using non-waterproof mascara, and I find that this cleanser removes even "date night" make-up, including the mascara (I do make a point of spending extra time massaging the cleanser over my closed lids and lashes). It also leaves my skin feeling very clean. I can imagine using this in the shower when I want to take off the day's make-up and start fresh for an evening event ... there wouldn't be any eye-make-up-remover residue to cause my mascara to run! It saves time, too, because you can skip the make-up remover step.I am 43 years old and have oily, blemish-prone skin. I can imagine that someone with drier skin might want a creamier cleanser, but, for me, this stuff works great!
Great jazz guitar & Diana Krall on one CD!: I'm a recent DK convert (thanks to my brother-in-law) but realized that I already owned a CD with her sultry crooning on it - and I didn't even know it! Mark Whitfield's soothing jazz guitar CD "Forever Love" has two long playing tracks with great vocals by (you guessed it) Ms. Krall. If anyone else knows of any other collaborations she's done with other artists, please post your findings as I'd be interested to know.
Love Scenes Dian Krall: This is a very high quality 5.1 SACD recording which I played via my oppo SACD/DVDA/CD/DVD player, Marantz SR6006 amplifier with two high quality Axiom MV80 speakers for the front speakers and two high quality Mission Speakers for the rear soundstage.The music was impeccably performed and Krall's voice came through beautifully. For me, it was like actually listening to the live performance in an acoustically balanced studio without the distraction and unwanted sounds common with a live audience performance.If you look this type of jazz performance, you will fully enjoy this disc.
Lover of the finer things in life: If you're confused why 95% of listeners gave this 5 stars and 5% hated it, I'll explain. This is not a "technical" jazz recording, not for die hard jazz buffs, it's for lovers. It's for romantics. Diana is sexy and romantic in a scotch and honey sort of way. She doesn't have the greatest jazz voice or range in the world, but I love it. The songs make you feel good, open a bottle of great wine with your loved one, or sit back in your car and make the miles go by pleasurably, or peel yourself a grape.
too awesome !!!!!: Her choice of song material is wonderful, thanks to her some of the great old forgotten songs are like new again. Her voice is to die for !!! 5 stars plus
Pinnocchio: A lovely story written by a true author. A bad disobedient boy turns into a smart, obedient boy which brings happiness to hi mother and father.
Loved It!!!: I saw Gunslinger Girl, Gunslinger Girl: Il Teatrino, and the two OVAs. I truly enjoyed the whole anime series and experienced catharsis by watching it. It dealt with deep emotions, ethics, and loss. It is sad if you only watch the first season (though it was really good), but the two OVAs give the story closure and ends on a hopeful and healed note.
Are you kidding?: Let me preface my review by saying I am a huge Manowar fan. I put up with a lot ... from my friends because they don't like the group. I've gone to concerts by myself because no one would go with me. However, this is possibly the worst CD I've ever bought. I wouldn't sell this on ebay because I would feel bad I passed this ... onto someone. Maybe this was an experiment. If it was, it was a bad one. I want the Manowar that wrote Revelations, Kill With Power and Battle Hymns.
Only lasted two summers: I will say this trimmer ran great for two summers. It was powerful and easy to handle for this woman in her 40's. This third summer it won't stay running. I read another review with the same problem. Good trimmer for 2 summers, moderate use, maybe 6 times all summer. Maintained, stored in a dry place. Third summer it starts but won't stay running. My mechanic friend said all the filters are clean, good fuel, but its only getting the fuel you pre-pump to start it. It would cost about the same to fix what is probably a carburetor problem as buy a new one. Not worth it. And after reading other similar reviews I'm going with something else.
Trouble awaits: Once you have it for about 6 months it becomes the hardest starting machine I ever owned.
Hyperreal: L'Eclisse is shot in long takes in black/white. The picture and transfer is unearthly, it almost looks hyperreal! I find the visuals of L'Eclisse more interesting than the narrative (at least for now, I will re-watch it later). We follow Monica Vitti and Alain Delon in their attempt for a love affair. We also get some lively scenes from the stock exchange in Rome which are very exciting. The pace of the film is slow with long takes and not much dialogue - if you want action and a clear plot and message this is not for you! What L'Eclisse is really about can of course be discussed: is it about hopeless love, about alienation in modern society, or about the problems of human communication and contact, and so on? The ending is open for many interpretations. Maybe it is simply about beautiful images, about how beautiful the world can seem like in cinema?
The Book is Unreadable: This book has been produced in such a way that the words are unreadable. It is basically a worthless purchase, but since I don't want to fight and try to get my money back from someone that would even think about selling a product such as this, I didn't even try. How would a company that sells a product as terrible as this ever give you your money back?
Hides my belly: I got this after I gave birth to my daughter and used it when I wear something that clings to my body. It works wonders at making my belly look flatter. It is hard to put on at first but after a while I got a hang of it. I am a size 0 from Gap and got a XS from here and it fit and works for me. It is hard to move and sit when you wear this but do make you look much much better.
Just Like Grandma Cooked: This book reminded me of all the traditional polish dishes my grandmother made. Just skimming through the recipes brought back the fantastic smells and tastes of her cooking.
This book could be a magazine article: First, to be fair, the author's make some mildly helpfull points. However, anyone who has spent even a few hours interviewing builders and/or architects will already be familiar with most of the points made. The book is very brief. Only the first 30 pages are actual text. The remainder of the book is example forms (4 copies of each to add girth to book, no doubt). I should think that anyone, after building one home, could write as well or better.
This book I believe was a life saver. Iknow it helped us: My neighbors had some work done on their house and it ended up being quite a disaster. I saw this book advertised locally and bought it. I can pretty safely say that we eliminated some contractors because of the book that we might have hired. The one we did hire met all of the qualifications outlined in the book and we have a beautiful addition to prove it. I know that because of many things in the "pitfall" book we had a good remodeling experience. John Francis
im so disappointed: when i saw this months ago i couldnt wait. i thought, finally on dvd, the kinks story will be told by the band. it is sort of. it would have been better if sound quality was better. come to think of it, the picture quality was very poor as well. most of the music videos were from the One for the Road dvd which you can get here in 5.1. the price was too high as well. it should be a bargain bin dvd. so dont waste your money. im hoping a better quality dvd will be released someday.
Creed knock off my a**: To the person that wrote the first review saying that OLP is a Creed knock, you got your timelines wrong. OLP has been around a lot longer than Creed has been so if anything Creed is a knock off of OLP. Though not their best album, it still has its' high points. I suggest you listen to some of their earlier stuff like Naveed. Then tell me that they are a Creed knock.
You won't get it the first time: Obviously, fans of previous OLP albums are put off by the updated sound. I had always liked there radio songs but never was inspired to buy the albums. I bought this disc on a whim and initially hated it. Gravity is not a simple pop disc that you get into the first time. The vocals and lyrics become more powerful with each spin. Every morning this album pumps me up to go to work - looking like a fool singing at full blast in my car. If you like Creed, Nickelback, or Stone Temple Pilots, this is for you.
A watered down OLP: I bought Gravity eagerly when it came out. I was a little worried about Bob Rock being the producer (this being the same guy that ruined Metallica), but I kept an open mind about it. In the end, I've come to the conclusion that this album is a serious let-down. It feels rushed and shallow. I liked the general feel of "Happiness..." and the concept of "Spiritual Machines". This album, however, just feels like it was made for the radio, and I HATE mainstream radio. There are a couple of good songs on the album (All For You, Not Enough, Somewhere out There), but the rest is just too cliched.While it is a good album on its own merits (on the sheer talent of the band), it just seems like the band was going for mainstream US success more than making great music.Well, at least I wont get as many blank stares when people look through my CDs.
good idea but....: The idea of this book is great, but since there is no consistent method of measurement it's impossible to use. It's inconsistent and inaccurate and worst of all a lazy stab at a good idea. Don't waste your time like me.
Epic concert.: The concert on the first disc is definitely one of the best, if not the best, Muse concert out there. Splendid performance and quality. The set list feels very complete and amply shows off songs from both Showbiz and Origins. The second disc having a few hours of great behind the scenes videos from the tour. Truly a great buy. However, only four stars because I could not play either DVD in any of my DVD players, could only play them through my computer (Although I did not try a game system).
ON THE CUTTING EDGE FOR ITS TIME...: A unique and magical meld of pop and classical strains make for an unusually compelling CD. The symphonic orchestration of the Moody Blues' music extends their range, and somehow it all works.Though some of the music on this 1967 release may now seem pretentious and pedestrian, such as the poetry which is, in fact, somewhat trite and sophomoric, the rest of it is quite sublime. Two tracks in particular make this CD well worth having, "Forever Afternoon (Tuesday?)" and "The Night: Nights in White Satin". These two tracks are quintessential Moody Blues.
don't buy kindle book!: I've made an error : don't read the one star comment! no figures for an anatomical book is ridicolous. I've paid for nothing.
No prescription needed -- now: After a horrendously exhausting day, I listened tonight to this recording, and found myself applauding at the end -- and then astonished that there was also applause on the CD! I had not realized it was a live recording. In the meantime, this care-giver, this senior citizen, this ex-violinist, this ex-pianist, this me, had 55.13 minutes of sheer joy. Thank you Mssrs. Beethoven, Perlman, Ma and Barenboim.
Real good: I never could actually sit down to read those thick unabridged versions of classical lit., until I read this book. This also happens to be my mum's favourite book and we have the bridged version. I read it when my mum recommended it. I didn't regret it. I went to the library and borrowed the unabridged version. I loved it and I still do.
All time great: One of the most beloved novels and a necessary component for any library. Print and format is fine for a free domain book.
Simply wonderful: Like all the other Jane Austen books I loved this one just as much. Jane Austen is famous for her characterisation and this book proves it to you even more. Trust me - you won't be able to get your hands off this classic that is still entertaining to read today. A book that shows us how two minds can eventually meet and harbour friendship and love. YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
follow-up: Gave this seller a poor review for slow shipping and a book in poor condition. Happy to report that they quickly responded to my complaint email and issued me a refund.
Student who LOVES P&P: Being a student (10th grade), I feel obliged to relate to other students not only how much I enjoyed this novel, but also that it may not be right for everyone. It seems that many other students do not particularly like the novel, especially the male crowd. If my class was ever assigned P&P I am sure that there would be many complaints from my classmates... but they complain about every novel we are assigned, and therefore I can never really trust their opinion. If you are a student looking to read P&P I highly recommend it. My own ideas on this novel are quite favorable. I am sorry that not everyone has a taste for Austen. I consider her one of the best authors who ever lived. I enjoyed reading Pride and Prejudice as well as other Austen novels. Her novels, especiall P&P, are quite funny and I have often found myself laughing outloud on many occasions (which is not an easy feat). Pride and Prejudice is not a novel to be over looked.
One of the best book I have ever read: I'm 18 and I don't read lot and I was waiting to read Emma. So I read Pride and Prejudice.I think it's a great book. I thouhgt that since it's an old book it would be boring. But it wasn'tit was great. I think the theme can still by applied in today's world.Go out and read it
Good so far: I am about 75% of the way through this book and can say it is enjoyable, even for a guy.
pissed off: When I got this book for a Christmas I was not sure if I got the right one for my girlfriend. After she recieved it as a gift she did let me know it was the wrong one :( We contacted the lady who sold it to us and she said no return !! She was rude and I will not buy a thing from Amazon again . If you let losers like this sell things and not back it up why should I ever take the chance again ? I thought there would be a return policy. Guess there is not :( I hope no one buys from this lady again !!!
refers to LARGE PRINT EDITION - HarperCollins: I am returning the HarperCollins Large Print edition of Pride and Prejudice because the PRINT IS TOO SMALL for a Large Print book. I am distressed that it bears the NAVH (National Association of the Visually Handicapped) mark -- the font is clearly smaller than other, commercially produced, large print books.Obviously, this review does not address the content of Austen's work -- I'm objecting only to the presentation by this publisher.
i would have rated this novel lower than 1*: this book was poorly written and i had trouble getting over the first page! i woke up after 10minutes and then realised that i had fallen asleep! i would recommend ppl to keep away from such a horror~ it hasn't got the right to be called a 'NOVEL'. i prefer lord of the flies. it's much more riveting~ now that deserves 5* rating
ugh: i know she is supposed to be one of the classic greats, but i just can't get into her writing (i force myself because i feel that i should read the classics, if only to make me a well rounded reader). i found the book slow going and to be quite honest, boring.
unrealistic: Of course, literature does not have to be realistic to be great, but for me, it has to have something that is at least so in a figurative level. I find the main characters in this book to be rather shallow. Most pepole go through life without seeing their pride and prejudice, so how can Elizabeth and Darcy do it with such ease? I fail to see, other than a nice, happy story, what gives this novel its value.
like giving your mind a spring clean: After reading so many modern fiction popular titles it is so refreshing to go back to a classic. Pride and Prejudice really is at the top of my classic favs list.
I still get deliciously lost in the language.: There is so much to write positively about the charm of this book. However, I find the most delight I receive is in the clever phrases and word usages. It is a kind, long poem to my ears.Naturally, I do like Elizabeth as well. She is very human. She has the ability to make mistakes, to learn from them, and to realize her hubrus and change. I don't find this very often in modern works.I return to this book from time to time to retreat from life. It has become an old soothing friend to me!
A great read: I read this book because I have been trying to catch up on some classics of literature that I haven't read. I expected to find it to be boring and stuffy, but I vowed that I would read it. To my great fortune, my prejudice against the book turned out to be completely wrong. It is wonderful book and a great read. It is witty, funny, and perceptive, with great insights into human relationships and the structure of society during its era (late eighteenth century England).
Enjoyable read: Writing styles such as Jane Austin don't usually keep my attention well and, at first, this book was no different. I had to force myself to read the first 6-7 chapters. By a quarter though the book, I found myself enjoying the writing and storyline much more. It was an enjoyable read and I liked the book very much, but I can't say I agree with others who say it's one of the greatest novels ever written. Then again, it's just not my preferred writing style. Also, I got this on my Kindle for free and the formatting was just fine.
Disappointed with the illustrations: If I were reviewing Pride and Prejudice alone, I would give this novel six stars. It is rightfully listed on every top 100 literature list. I am currently reading it for the sixth time and still finding wonderful new things in the story. For those who have only seen the movie versions, you are in for a treat... no movie can do this story justice.My complaint is that the Kindle version I purchased was advertised as illustrated, but there are very few illustrations and the quality is poor, and there is no way to zoom in to see the illustrations better (as you can do with text on the Kindle). This is a past-copyright book and it is available free from the Gutenberg Project, and used to be free on Kindle. I paid 99 cents to get the illustrated version, and it really wasn't worth it. Seriously.
One of my all time favorites: As a fan of other types of literature (Stephen King and Steinbeck, for instance) I can't begin to express the way I devoured this book! Not only did I find the character development incredible, but I also enjoyed how Austen brought in other themes such as extreme embarrassment caused by relatives (haven't we ALL been there...)the ability to laugh at oneself, the empathy for a family member that has been wronged and regret of a decision. I liked this book so much that I went out and rented the A&E production and liked that so much I bought it. This is one story I will revisit again and again!
get the free version instead: Another of amazon's bad moves is to remove all ratings from the free versions so they virtually disappear from searches. Maybe put them back guys? This is totally available for free if you search by title instead of author. This is a classic.
Unfortunately edited version: I love my Kindle, but was hopeing to read a famous classic without any editing, meaning reduction, of the text. This edition is so poorly edited as to be confusing at some points, when, for instance, suddenly we are reading about a previously unintroduced Miss King, who is mentioned and then forgotten. There are no descriptions of clothing, very little of scenery, none really of homes/estates. The book consists of conversations, which are terrific due to the author's skill, and the bridges that get us to those. How can I get an unedited, unabridged copy of the book? That should be made clear when we order these "free" books: they are vastly edited. If that's not what you want, don't get these.
Amazing: For those of you who think that this book is boring that just means you arn't educated enough to understand it.And no I am not an adult. I am 15 years old and I loved this book so much. I have seen the movie to with Colin Firth who is so fine. And he has the most beautiful smile.But if you don't know the meaning of vex you shouldn't be juding a intelligent book
Absolutely loved it.: I'm not a big reader, but I had trouble putting this book down. When I was done reading it, I rented the movie for 24 hrs and watched it 3 times.
Overwritten, dry, dull, and cliched: From Becoming Jane to The Jane Austen Book Club, Me and Mr. Darcy toConfessions of a Jane Austen Addict, 2007 was the year of Jane-mania, sucking out whatever satirical bite Austen might have carried two centuries ago and replacing it with syrupy tote bags and cloying t-shirts that allow a girl to declare herself, "An Elizabeth in a Darcy-less World" or (more chillingly) "Property of Mr. Darcy." In all the fervor, the only things overlooked were that Austen's prose is overwritten and dry, her plots torturously dull, and her characters one-dimensional clichés.
An Amazon Con: An email solicitation acknowledged me as an International Amazon customer, and invited me to download the Kindle Reader, which I did.However when I tried to download the titles I was advised that they were not available to me in Africa.Amazon knows I am in Africa because my email address and customer details describe my location as being in Africa.So much for not discriminating against the people who live in Africa!
Years to LOVE!: I took me years to read this book! It started when I was 12 years old, a friend of my moms gave me the A&E; version on VHS tape, you know, the one with Colin Firth!!! After watching all 6 hours of that for day's in a row, i found it hard to sit down and read the book?But then I got my Kindle, and this was one of the first book I read! It was great to have the details filled in that the movie left out, and also to have the image of Colin Firth in my head as Mr. Darcy! I love this book and the A&E; version of it! : I am now 26 years old, so it took me about 14 years for me to finally read the book, but it was well worth it. I now also own the movie on DVD!! ;)
Classic: This is an excellent book, a true piece of classic literature. I highly recommend it because I had to refresh myself from high school reading and I really appreciated the story more the second time around.
Far better than expected.: I was familiar with the BBC TV series which was beautifully produced. i read the book to see how it compared and it was excellent as the characters were exactly as expected. The authors use of english is very enjoyable and more accessible than I thought it would be. Best bit of 200 year old chicklit you can read.
Pride and Prejudice is really a good book~: In my view,I think Jane Austen is a very successful author and I enjoy reading her book very much.For example,Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility,especially Pride and Prejudice.All are very perfect works but Pride and prejudice has always been the most popular of her books.And this novel is now available in new movie version.I think it must be very exciting.Pride and Prejudice is widely-read and well-loved.The story is about the love between Elizabeth and Darcy and it is really romantic which readers can easily fall into the role and know their feeling.Also,this book is centrally concerned with personnal happiness and Elizabeth's marriage to Darcy-tall,handsome and rich man-is the stuff of wish -fulfilment.If you want to know more about the story,you must read this book"Pride and Prejudcie" as soon as possible.Because it is really a wonderful fiction and a romantic love story.hope you enjoy this nice book.Thank you!
Fit for a coffee table: This book would be perfect for a coffee table. No one would ever with to talk about it. When I read it in high school I thought it to be the most boring book I ever read. I didn't care about all the people trying to be married, etc. I just found this book to be an upper class soap opera. Anyone who likes upper class, sappy, drawn out scenes of lovers trying to get each others attention can read this book and be enthralled. For the rest of us, I would recommend you read a modern romance novel. ALL modern romance novels would be better than this, even if written by William Shatner.
Definitely a chick book...: I tried to read it, but I couldn't. I put it down at about page 100. From a fan of IMMANUEL KANT, this was too boring. Honestly, after I put it down, I had to study the Diamond Sutra and the Book of Job to get the vapid feeling out of my head. Someone on here wrote something to the effect of "as Blake saw the world in a grain of sand, so did Austen see the world in a drawing room". To this, I'd say that there is a vast difference in seeing the world in a drawing room, and thinking that the world IS a drawing room.Basically, it felt way too narrow for me. I will admit that I dislike British culture, as a whole, and have yet to make it through a third Dickens novel (have tried four). Still, I am a huge fan of Fielding, Defoe, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Wordsworth, and like a few other English authors.
This is what happens when writers are allowed to slack: This book may be considered a "classic" but it isn't. It may deal with "emotions" and "the human spirit" but it lacks the qualities of true literature. To be blunt, the book is boring. There is too much description and not enough meat. The story seems to be leading somewhere, and when you get there, you wonder why you took the journey in the first place. I plead to the human race not to let writers get off this easy by writing such unfulfilling books. Skip Bronte and read Hemingway or Poe.
Humorous, thoughtful, thrilling, intricate, and romantic!!!: Definately not the same typical, humdrum, shallow plot. I thought Elizabeth Bennet to be the perfect...heroine?!? She was playful, quick witted, funny, and certainly not without her faults! I don't want to give any hints to future readers, so I'll just say that Mr._______ was...well, I can't find the words to fully describe, so it will be up to you as the readers to find out yourself! The book was realistic and I thought the eighteenth century English language to be fully enchanting. I think my most favorite parts were when Elizabeth refuses to marry Mr.Collins, her cousin (YUCK!), and her discussion with Lady Catherine deBourgh! I was literally sitting at the edge of my chair while reading certain parts, and I must admit, falling asleep at others (though these parts were short and well worth it)! The ending was absolutely wonderful, to say the least. READ IT!!!
noisy...: This is not a good recording. Too much noise andthe voice sounds muffled. The discs are CD-Rs,not Audio CDs.Looks like it was made in a garage byindifferent migrant workers.Promptly returned.Very poor quality product,not recommended.
Its a romantic book of how opposites attract.: This book is witty book which portrays a mother who is over anxious to get her 5 daughters married and trying to compete with her neighbours Sir & Lady Lucas to get her children married of before their Charlotte. Their eldest daughter Jane meets the rich yet charming Mr Bingley. Elizabeth the more level headed of the 5 Bennet daughters. Falls in love with th proud Mr Darcy. This is a book which should not be missed just because you are prejuidced of classics.
Jane Austen's best: First Jane Austen's book I've come across, and her best! There isn't much that I can say that the other reviewers haven't said. I luv all the characters.
Read it because she's great!: I read the Barnes and Noble Classics edition. This book dragged on and on in the middle and it is not an easy read due to the language of the time. But it's a fun, character-driven novel. My favorite character was the father - he's a riot! Don't expect much to happen, but there's a lot going on. For example, it's an interesting study of British class differences at the turn of the century. Also, the options women had were much more limited than today and it made for very different relationship dynamics.
Great book!: Love this book! That's all I have to say about it. I knew the story really well, from all the movies, etc. But I really enjoyed reading it, especially for as cheap as it is on amazon!
Is a classic: One of the best classic books around. A love story of classes and impossible love. I would recommend the book and see the movie.
One of my favorite books: This is an absolutely wonderful book! It is a timeless story about the tangled relationship between Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy. What I love so much about this book is how relevant these situations still are and how easy it is to relate to all of the characters. I have read other Jane Austin novels, and so far this is by far my favorite. Elizabeth is such a strong female character, and Mr. Darcy is a wonderfully complex and interesting male character. This is definitely one of my "comfort books." Whenever I have had an unpleasant day or need to relax, rereading Pride and Prejudice always makes me feel better. Truly, it is on of the best books I've ever read.
The best book second only to the Bible!!!!!: This romance captures you right from the beginning. Miss Austen, though never married, understood true romance. She describes both Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy so vividly the reader cannot fail to have a pure picture in mind. I would fail to see how anyone could read this novel and not want to start a new romance.
Essential.: Pride and Prejudice is my second favorite Jane Austen (Sense and Sensibility is number one) and has as fantastic characters and plot. Both are classics, a must read for anyone who likes a good love story.
Get the free version!!!: Do not waste your money on this! I thought i would get a book that looks like the original 1813 edition (ie., a scanned version of an original 1813 edition) but it looks like someone just typed the original version into word. There is absolutely no difference between this edition and the free version or any other version of Pride and Prejudice.
Gunslinger Girl II: Great movie it closed out things from the series. I would tell anyone to get this movie. I just love it.
Incredible: I chose this rating because I love that the book came on time and in excellent condition and I love the fact that I passed my class with flying colors after using this book.
great toy: my cat loves to scratch this and I usually put in some cat nip to encourage him, saves wear and tear on carpet and furniture
I hate it when: the picture shown for the product doesn't represent what you will get. I ordered a two pack of these and only got one. Will never order anything else from the company that makes these.
Beware of misleading product description: Just received the package and was surprised to find only 2 pads. The product illustration clearly shows FOUR pads, and the written description refers to it being a "2 pack" with "2 pads per package". A blatant ripoff...I'm surprised at you, Amazon!
cats love them, cost is excessive: If you own a Turbo Scratcher you will need to purchase replacement pads for it. Cats love these pads to sharpen their claws, but they will rip them up pretty quickly. The only downside to them is they are quite expensive for something that is nothing more than cardboard. Amazon has the best price for these replacement pads, and you will want to buy them in quantity.When your pad gets torn up you can flip it over to get additional usage out of it. Cats will enjoy them even more if you sprinkle catnip on them - our cats will roll around on top of them and lay on them.
Great item, cats love it: As I said in my review of the flat rectangular scratch pads, if you told I was going to spend money on corrugated cardboard for cats in the past I would have said you were crazy. But they LOVE them and the darn things WORK. They last forever and every day are used by several of my feline beasties, IF you have the Bergan, get the inserts.
Useless.: I purchased several of these to put files in, but when you pick them up by the handle the clasps pop open and the box falls to the ground. They would be better designed if the clasps were part of the box and not part of the top because any weight inside the box will cause it to be too heavy for the top to support it. I ended up throwing all of them away and purchasing other, sturdier bins.
Disappointing: Unfortunately I concur with the semtiments of the other reviewers. I ordered the system based on the writeup in the New York Times. At least I can save the $40 price by ordering books from Amazon.com. First, I could not open the CD-ROM, but apparently the program is not useful. Second, book's main virtue is as a general discussion of book cataloguing and organizing, best suited to a collector of fine books rather than someone (like me) who buys too many and needs to find them at home, rather than duplicating an academic library setting. For the basis of my collection's organization I used The Reader's Catalog. It works great because of its index to over 40,000 books, a well thought-out plan, and the convenience of being a paperback book with complete bibiographic data on the books. Why type in an ISBN when they are easily available from Amazon or in a book like the Catalog?
Pretty good goa: This cd is great for the price and has some pretty good goa. Not as good as the first cd, but still worth the listen.
till we meet again: what a wonderful first class mini series spanning two world wars and playing in some of the most exciting places in the states and europe. Hugh grant as Bruno , michael york and coutney cox are all superb, so is the rest of the cast, the story will keep you spell bound.another great book and movie from judith krantz
Judith Krantz"s Till We Meet Again: The movie was almost as good as the book. I had to reread the book after receiving the movie just because I liked it so well.
Poor customer service: Item is not as nice as it appears. Company was completely unresponsive. Don't recommend.
Lots of gore but not too much more.: This movie delivered gore and all that but the script is stupid, the acting is bad and the movie was a waste of my time.
Horrible low budget stinker: This straight to dvd movie is about as low budget as it gets. At first I thought one of the supporting characters had killed her off. Then the movie moves ahead like it never happened. Most of the special effects look very fake and cheaply made. They are so fake it ruins the hint of gore I was expecting. The main character actress does a fare job but this about the only redeeming quality in this hole movie.
Wrong item: I received the wrong item and can't get a reply back or anything. This has been very frustraiting and a waiste of my time and money.
Awesome!: This game is really fun and it works well on my super old PS2. Fast delivery made it more enjoyable.
PS2 Madden 2007: I find this game to be very indepth when it comes to the ability to change formations and plays just by what you see. However, my major disappointment comes from the graphics. I understand the ps2 doesn't not have the standards of the XBox360, but this was false advertising showing this very detailed game and not showing which system this ran for. I just hope when the ps3 comes out, Madden will rerelease the game for it to give the XBox360 owners something to whine about. EA should be more infomational in giving what things look like to the consumer rather then just showing the best picture they have.
Another trip to the well.: Waiting in line to buy the new Madden every year is like waiting in line to buy a new calendar. Sure, there are enough differences to technically call it "new". There might be newer or prettier pictures but it's still just a calendar, just like the year before - same stuff only with slight changes. I know all the Maddenphiles and football fans say that there really are additions and changes that justify another $50/$60 drop. I think they tell themselves that just so they don't feel ripped off. Now that online play is a regular part of console gaming, EA should just have yearly download updates and charge $15 or so. Oh but wait, there's no money in not screwing over the consumer.
Helping yourself is never easy: The workbook is designed to help you through the Six Steps of Inner Bonding, & I was using it with the book that goes with it. I just found the whole process too much for me, too difficult, as I cannot connect with the spiritual guidance they find necessary to progress in the work. I guess if you are able to do that & work at the process consistently, it can be of use. I just gave up.
the master grimoire of magickal rites &ceremonies: This book is alive with magickal energies when in my hands book feels alive really produces magick to work with.
Poor: I am an avid fan of classic radio, but this collection is the worst I have encountered of this genre.
Better than other brush-type picks!: These are the best I've used. I have implants and these are very effective in gently removing food particles. The soft textured material is easy on the gums, and gently massages the gums as you use them. My hygenist even asked me what I use to keep my gums so healthy.
Fantastic Live Performance: Learning to Flinch is a fantastic performance by Warren Zevon back in 1992. I especially love that the liner notes give you not only the words, but where each song was recorded. From Berlin to Auckland New Zealand, every performance is an amazing display of Warren Zevon's ability to make individual performances different from what the listener is expecting.My personal favorite is the slide guitar he plays on Worrier King.
Item shipped was not the item ordered: The item I receved was not the item I ordered. The covers shipped only cover the lower portion of the screen. The item pictured covers the whole screen.Very disappointing...Chris
Sailing Through Six Sigma: Everything is first-class in this publication, from its title, presentation, unique binding, and organization. In addition to covering the entire subject in a concise way, the E-Book CD multiplies three-fold the resources provided in this volume. Further extention via a licensed web-page seems to justify the claim that this is the most compete Six-Sigma body of knowledge on the market.Salted with checklists, practical tools,diagrams and expert advice, I found myself enjoying the "sail" through the subject.
I'd rather have my mind.: This is pretty sickening. The title says it all -- losing your mind, finding your soul. If I were a mother, I would be insulted. So much for strong, independent womanhood.
Mark Knopler & Dave Edmunds The Booze Brothers by Droop: If you are buying this CD for Knopfler, forget it. He is only on 3 cuts, and these are unrecognizable and can easily be missed. I found nothing else interesting on the CD. Spend your money elsewhere.
Great idea but not a great product!: Replaced our old tank water heater 2005. We are on our 3rd unit Power Star AE115. The first 2 were covered under warranty but finding someone to replace it was a hassle and each time cost $175 to reinstall. Now #3 has died. I'm done. Back to the old reliable tank water heater. Too bad because I did like the endless supply of hot water. You can not have 2 hot faucets going. So, 3 units in 4 years, not too good in my opinion. Buyer beware!
AE125 PowerStar - No Thanks: We are about 7 or 8 months into this water heater and have had it. We have fiddled with the temperature control enough. This weekend I am going to buy a old reliable conventional unit. We haven't had some of the horrendous problems others have reported. I think if I had, I wouldn't have put up with it for 8 minutes, let alone 8 months. But honestly, getting hot water shouldn't require all the gymnastics that are required to keep this thing adjusted - managing the flow rate, changing the temperature setting according to the seasons, resetting the little breakers when they trip - honestly. [...] If you like to tinker with the water heater all the time then maybe this is the unit for you. Especially if you like occassional cold showers in January and racing through the house bare-naked trying to see if the little red light is on. No thanks!
Bosch AE125: I bought online and installed it myself using compression fittings - very easy to do. Total cost $650, total time about 1/2 a day. I live in northern VA (it's very important to know ground water temperature with smaller units) and can get 2 showers+ in the summer. In the winter 1 shower + 1 faucet. There is a little fluctuation in temperature in the winter, but I think this can be corrected with the hot water valve now that I know what's going on. Electric is actually cheaper than gas in our area, so this was a good choice. Monthly savings appear to be about 19 percent. Made one service call and got a quick answer.
Major Need of Product Recall: Heating element is submerged in water 24/7 becoming ionized and shorts the electric circuit. We have had 2 units in less than 25 months. Bosch blames consumer for hardwater and will not honor warranty. This unit should be recalled. This is a very common problem ignored by the company. Avoid this product.
Cheaply done and inaccurate: Unfortunately, this book was done on the cheap from someone who apparently doesn't know the cities (or at least Minneapolis) very well.The reason it feels cheap is that all of the Minneapolis "then" pictures are available on the website of the Minneapolis Public library. While there's nothing wrong with the library as a source, I suspect that the research for this book took all of an afternoon. I'd hope for something more interesting than what I could easily find myself, some unique -- or at least not easily accessible -- knowledge of the city. This book provides neither.It's also riddled with inaccurate "now" pictures; there are at least three instances in Minneapolis where the "now" picture was taken at least a block from the original picture -- and from a completely different angle.I'd recommend Larry Millet's "Twin Cities Then and Now" as a much better alternative.
Amazing. For women, men, everybody: This series is best for Estes fans, so if you haven't read or listened to her other works, then you should start with other works. She just keeps getting better and her post 2000 work are the best place to start.That said, the Theatre of the Imagination series is a great treat for her fans. Estes has a profound gift of story telling and of kindness and warmth. I could listen to her stories all day long. She is a master of both the academic study of stories and fables, and of their telling. She is a Jungian psychoanalyst, and the parallels between stories and their relationship to the psyche becomes self evident when she is at work- I doubt that many others could come close, and still keep you feeling warm.When I finish one of her works, I just look forward to the next one! And I do often replay the old ones, and there are always fresh insights waiting for me no matter how many times I play them.
Terrible at any price: The puzzles are not well thought out and must have been done in a hurry. Every other Hanjie book I have done is far better than this one. It's not even fun.
New Battery: I bought this battery for my daughter's laptop as she is back in college. Getting the right battery ordered was easy and the battery arrived timely. Plugged it in and charged it. Working fine. Good price. Satisfied customer.
well documented brings Victoria in a different light: Brings Queen Victoria into a very different light , shows that shes a woman above all , the book touches the love story of the century gone that was her marriage to Albert
gift: I did not use them,they are a Christmas gift.Idid ck them out and I think there great.I did shop around for price,and Amazon was the winner.tom
Not worth the money!: It didn't provide any more information than the instruction manual that came with the camera did. Only advantage is the size and shape of the book which feels nicer than holding the manual.
DO NOT BUY BOSCH PRODUCTS: We purchased a Powerstar AE 115 Electric Tankless Water Heater, and while it worked fine for 4 years before the heat exchanger started leaking and caused it to short out BOSCH will not honor the 10 year warranty on the exchanger because it was defective. Why?Because instead of using two 40 amp breakers, the electrician used two higher amp fuse to ensure safety. What happened to the good old days when people stood behind their products? Now I am stuck with a worthless unit, and will have to shell out money I don't really have to get another one!! Yes I am bitter about it!! And it will not be replaced with a BOSCH product! Any Suggestions?
The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings: This is the greatest CD or album in my opinion that has been recorded. When I was a very young boy I heard the first release and when I heard it I was completely enthralled. I am still enthralled. Dolphy is incredible, beyond mere words. Coltrane has a group of musicians that he finds no boundaries with or limitations. Elvin Jones and the bassists are also astonishing. To this day when I hear this music I must stop what I am doing.This should have a million stars.
Zevon is the best: While this is not his best work, it's a great album none-the-less. "Nobody's in Love This Year" is probably the saddest, most depressing song ever written and I never get tired of hearing it. Other classics like "Down in the Mall" and Networking" (both way ahead of their time) make this a must have for Zevon fans.
Transverse City - one of Zevon's best: A terrific record - almost as good as "Sentimental Hygiene". On some tracks, Zevon's intelligence and vocabulary sound incongruous in the straight rock setting but, in the end, it all adds up to a complete package - insightful and incisive lyrics backed by excellent rock music.Fans of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb" please take note that this disc is worth buying just for the mighty "Run Straight Down". Not only is it similar in structure, tempo and even subject matter, but David Gilmour guests and provides another blistering performance. Plug in that air guitar and crank it up!I have the vinyl so can't comment on the quality of the CD. If you're keen enough, the double retrospective "I'll Sleep When I'm Dead" would be an even better buy for newcomers.
The Prince And The Pauper by Mark Twain is a classic novel.: Since the prince and the pauper know nothing of each other's life works,the book can be quite funny at times with the boys getting into some hilarious situations.9
A waste of time: This book reputes itself to tell the secret history of British media baron Mr. Maxwell. A better account and although a work of fiction a more plausible account can be found in Mr. Archers `The fourth of Estate'. Maxwell had connections with Israels Mossad and he did have many high level contacts in Israel and he was involved in dubious behavior with the Russians but this book goes one step to far and simply creates relationships that did not exist. Beyond Muckraking this book is mostly fantasy and conjectured accusations that for the Maxwell hator or for the uninformed may well seem accurate but the truth is far more likely to have nothing to do with Maxwell being murdered by the Mossad. In fact Maxwell simply failed in business and probably committed suicide. This is an interesting account but should be read with an eye of suspicion.
Not made very well..: My twins love helping daddy around the house so I thought this would be the perfect toy for them to play with so dad can have his real measuring tape back. The concept is great but the measuring tape is a mess, it is hard to pull out, gets tangled up and is hard to "wind" back up. I would not recommend this product- the kids are back to wanting daddy's real measuring tape.
Don't buy this: So annoying ever time my kids pull the tape out they want me to wind it back up. Boring toy, stupid not worth the money
Free Advertising: It works, but why pay $45 to give free advertising to a sub-standard watch company who gets all their parts from the lowest bidders?? BL
Good: The product came on time and it fit what i needed it for. I use my power washer often and i have 1 of the most powerful models you can buy, it literally rips out large chunks of cement because it's soo powerful and this hose has handled it beautifully so far and i've had it for months already.
Star Child Enters!: Paul Stanley's first solo release is full of the sond style he would tackle in 80's Kiss.Mature love power ballads and riff-laden rock.Paul had been up to this point the leading songwriter in Kiss;this release had the best song structure out of the four solo albums.However,too much Paul Stanley is not always a good thing and the "love" angle can get a bit cloying after a while.Still,this is a steller effort and I place it second (after Gene's) of the solo's.
1/2 of Kiss on one record.: We know the true meaning of Kiss was Paul and Gene, and when Ace contributedd it rocked as well. But Paul Stanley's efforts have always been aimed more for the anthems (i.e.; "Detroit Rock City"). And what shows more on this release is Paul's ability to not only write the standard Kiss classic, but also distribute radio-friendly hits of the 70's.Dated? No! Peter Criss is more dated as an effort, Paul Stanley's first solo album is actually heard on later releases ("Reason To Live" is a good example").If you decide that this is the best of all 4 solo albums by Kiss, then you obviously enjoy "Detroit Rock City" over, say, "Christine Sixteen" or "Shout It Out Loud". But overall, respect the fact that Paul is one major part of the Kiss legacy and remained true to his roots from as early as the '74 release all the way up to "Psycho Circus" and hopefully beyond.
extra gentle: I bought this originally for my children to use and I was happy with how it cleaned their faces, so I decided to use it and turned out to be a great daily cleanser. I like that it is gentle but actually does clean your pores. I am very happy with this product!
Just like in the movie!: Excellent size and quality. If your child is a "Toy Story" fan, they will absolutely love these dolls.
no dice: I was very disappointed in this. For local (Atlantic City) color, much better to go with Bill Kent's mysteries.
Remember the 70's?: "Remember the Titians" is a realistic feature that triggers a lot of emotions, and it demands a good soundtrack. But good doesn't even do justice to this; GREAT is more like it1 You'll almost forget you're listening to a movie soundtrack, more like a typical recollection of 70's hits. "Aint No Mountain High Enough" and "Na Na Na Na" steal the show; also noteable are "I Want to Take You Higher" and "Spirit in the Sky". On another note completly, this is one of Disney's best soundtracks for a live action feature EVER--keep it up, Disney! Usually, soundtracks for live-action movies just include instrullmental tracks, and don't appeal to many people as albums to purchase. But this one ROCKS DOWN THE HOUSE! I wish ALL of today's live action movies turned out such good music. Don't you agree?
Could have been better: Don't get me wrong. This is a fine soundtrack. But ANY 60s compilation CD would suffice. Given the rich orchestral themes which were played at length throughout the film it is a pitty that a film score wasn't released in addition to the soundtrack with the 60s songs (as was done for For the Love of the Game).
A Question of Priorities: UFO Vol. 1 contains the very best episode of UFO ever, "A Question of Priorities." An intelligent script and BRILLIANTLY directed this episode finds Commander Straker"s son struck and critically injured by a car. In the mean time a UFO lands in southern Ireland and its occupant, a defector alien, enters a home occupied by a blind woman and her pet bird. Commander Straker must decide whether to do all he can to save the earth from a downed UFO or save his only begotten son. I give this video five stars for this episode alone even though the other episode on this cassette, "Exposed" is a marginal episode. There IS a UFO exploding in this episode which is an excellent special effect. Play it in ultra slow-motion and see.
If you own a Boxter or dream about owning one read this book: James Morgan nailed the "Boxter Experience" on the head. As a Boxter owner, I found myself grinning with joy reading about Mr. Morgan's experiences driving this amazingly fun and evocative car. The Boxter really does elicit great reactions and car stories from total strangers you encounter on the road. The route he chose to drive, especially the Louis and Clark sections of the trip, was perfect. Also the choice of Portland Oregon as a stop was a very thought provoking exercise. I found the running tension throughout the entire trip between Mr. Morgan and his wife (who accompanied him only for the first few days of his odyssey) very disconcerting. In spite of that, if you own a sports car or dream of owning one, this is a must read.
The Worst DVD that I ever bought!: My 14 month old daughter loves animals and we have the entire collection of the babyeinstein series, which also teaches kids through music. This DVD was exteremely slow and the music was slow as well. This DVD was so slow, that they concentrated on the giraffes for 5 minutes and showed every movement of the giraffe's mouth, when it slowly chewed it's food. Likewise they did the same with the elephants and several other animals. The animals looked like they were taking a lazy afternoon stroll or getting ready to doze off. This DVD is more for putting a kid to sleep. My 14 month old could not sit still because of the slow paced video. I was looking for some lively music and some animals that actually moved or ran or did something, rather than stand and enjoy the lazy afternoon sun.
Perfect thickening yet washable mascara: I love this mascara! I have used it for several years and when I try other mascaras, I am never happy with them and I always come back to this one. I don't like waterproof mascara because it is so hard to get off and I feel like I pull eyelashes out when I try to get it off. This if perfect; it is truly a thickening mascara and makes your eyelashes look great! And it doesn't have to be black; even the brown looks great! I like that it's also hypoallergenic and that it conditions my lashes with aloe and vitamin B5. And even with the shipping the cost was less than if I bought it in a store...and it's delivered right to my door!
Current Obssession: Loudermilk: I have no idea whatsoever how I heard about this band, but I'm SO glad I did. I am officially in love with frontman, Davey Ingersoll. Yes, yes..ugly by today's silicon-standards..but I completely fell for his voice. Incredibly perfect in 'The Twisting'. Lyrics are awesome too.. think Track 10!Highlights: Estrogen Oxygen (boring in middle, though)// California//KREATES A PRESENCE TO BLUSH//THE TWISTING//mai//ANTHEMA//ROCK N ROLL AND THE TEENAGE DESPERATION
This Rocks!: Killer album. It's hard to tell you what my favorite songs are, they are all good. If I have to choose favorites I guess I would choose the title track first "Himmelfahrt" then, Hurra wir Leben noch, Falsche Goetter, Menschmaschine, and Das Licht am Ende der Welt. This band is on the move! I had bought and reviewed one of their earlier albums and said they showed promise, well here it is! They have delivered. GREAT ALBUM MEGAHERZ! PRIMA!
Best book on hardest thing to do in all of sport.: First read this book when it came out . Totally demystifies process used in hitting a baseball and tilt odds of striking the ball in your favor. Used it to become better hitter. Used it to teach younger sister how to hit(.750 HS avg.)!When hitting you will know what to do rather than simply reacting to whatever is thrown. Should be required reading for all those instructing youthful hitters.
Great book: Ted Williams has written the best book on hitting. He stresses the importance of hitting according to your style. The key is getting a good pitch to hit and not making it easier for the pitcher to get you out.
Wait until the end.: Well, this is a cd you have to buy when you're a zappafan.This '76 band rocks!!!! especially on disc 2. My absolute hero here is of course FZ but also napoleon murphy brock on lead vocals and tenorsax. Disc one has some nice tunes like dirty love and killers like Black Napkins and Advance Romance.Disc two is the one!I like the superb played reggae version of take your clothes off when you dance.Outstanding is the rocking, jazz, freak me out, Frank version of Chunga's revenge. But that's not all. What about the version of Keep it greasy with a terrific job of NMB on lead vocals and Roy Estrada on some tremendous basswork. The closer Muffin Man with some greasy sax and great guitarwork of FZ is the best closing for this outstanding concert.Get this cd,now!!
Sleeping Beauty: This is a very good soundtrack! It is one of my very favorites! You feel like you are right in the movie while listening to this.Lady and the Tramp soundtrack is also very good.
Lame version of the single!: I was so disappointed when I saw this video, and heard the recently released version of "Your Disco Needs You." Instead of UNrecommending this item, I am ordering you not to buy it! If you're looking for the song "Giving You Up," there are better copies to look for.
Not as great as I thought it would be...: I bought this book after it had been hyped up in "The Sondheim Review", a magazine for Sondheim junkies like myself. I read it in hopes of going behind the genius of such musicals as "Follies", "Company" and "West Side Story", but instead got a dark and detailed (too detailed for my taste) account of the more dreary parts of his life. There is some musical theater critique, but her lack of knowledge in this area is unbelievable. Her constant "Here, let me tell you what I think was going on at this point" grows tiresome as well. Still, there's no denying his life has been fascinating, and this book serves as a good rainy day reader.
A Prosaic Study of a Poetic Composer: Secrest's bio is still unfortunately indispensible for any student of the man behind the musicals, but its plodding style, many irrelevant asides, and total lack of imagination, wit, or geniune personal insight makes it a difficult read. Recommended only for the serious student of Sondheim.
Oh, All Right: This was worth reading for the insights Sondheim provided into his work and for the numerous interviews conducted in its writing, but I wish someone would tell Ms. Secrest that the numerous analogies she draws between Mr. Sondheim's life and classical literature are both pretentious and overdone. What's the point you're trying to make Meryle? I'm sure it's not how well read you happen to be. And one other thing: being a homosexual does NOT mean that everything you produce artistically is colored by your sexuality. Couldn't she think of any thing else to say that was relevant? I guess not, but this book is worth reading for die-hard Sondheim fans.
Beautiful and mature performances from a gifted prodigy.: The great cellist Rostropovich took a special interest in the exceptionally-gifted young cellist, Han-Na Chang, and conducts the accompaniment on her debut recording. Listening to this incredible young artist one can understand why Rostropovich regarded her as special. Personally, I've never heard a better performance of Tchaikovsky's Roccoco Variations and her performance of the Saint Saens Concerto can stand comparison with that by the incomperable Rostropovich. The performance of Bruch's Kol Nidrei is also quite beautiful. Chang is an exceptionally-gifted young artist whose performances have a maturity which belies her age. Highly recommended.
Nice Compilation: A little deeper than a typical "Greatest Hits" compilation, it's a nice way to introduce someone to the awesomeness that is Karen Carpenter.
Awesome 70's tunes!: Karen Carpenter died way too young. She and Richard made beautiful music together. Great love songs for romantic evenings, break ups and falling in love..
in love with them again: one of the best albums i got.... and now are streamed on my iphone 5 with amazon cloudand it only costed me 1.99 (when it was on sale)
And Then There Was Karen!: There were a lot of voices being heard during the Carpenter's era, but you could pick Karen's out above them all. It was a shame that the she left us too soon, but this recording is well mastered and brings back wonderful memories of That voice.
Uncle Milty Olve Drab Travel Vest: fits well for this heavier female, just the right length at mid-hip so that pockets are still accessible when traveling and pockets big enough for paperback books and I.D. guides, not sure what I'll use all the smaller pockets for, but I'm sure they will get filled.
she loved it: I bought this vest for my fiance. She is a photo guru and has been in desperate need for a photographer's vest. She loved it. It provides room for everything she needs and then some. Comfortable, great color, and perfect storage. I would highly recommend this product.
Cargo Vest: This is terrific! Just what I was looking for. I had to look up why there's a cotton patch on the pocket (it's for holding fishing lures). The vest fits perfectly and is just what I needed. It will hold everything. I don't need my backpack anymore.
So-so singing: Her songs are good but she fails to do them justice. Her voice is so airy and ethereal that it lacks body and she sounds as though she is wailing away. The air plays a large part in her lack of control of her voice. In track 3, she sounds as though she is singing with fishballs in her mouth - it was hard for me to distinguish whether she was singing in Mandarin or Cantonese! Red Bean and Face are good songs but then again, with Faye's insipid voice, it's hard for her to control.
Great Acoustic Rock!: Love this CD! A friend of mine introduced me to them and I just loved the CD. The harmonies are well worked out and the back and forth playing of the guitars are similar to groups like Guster and Vertical Horizon.
Good product: I like the pops not as nice as the drops! They do work, flavors are good but the ginger is questionable!! I would buy again.
Can these guys solo in more then one key? NO!!!!: I opened for these guys in Vegas and let me tell you these guys ARE NOT PLAYING ANYTHING THAT RESEMBLES JAZZ!! The band I play with does music ranging from Holdsworth, Corea, Metheny and Tribal Tek to Dregs -> Herbie to Trane, Shorter etc.. THAT'S JAZZ. JACOB FRED HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH JAZZ OR FUSION!!! IT'S ROCK JAM GARBAGE!!! THEY DON'T SOLO OVER CHANGES. THEY SOLO OVER BOARING LONG ONE KEY VAMPS.To the guy that makes the insulting remark about going back and listening to the Dave Matthews band if you don't get these guys. WELL LET ME TELL YOU I LISTEN AND HAVE LISTENED AND PEFROMED MUSIC WAY OVER THE HEADS OF ANYONE IN THAT BAND.THESE GUYS ARE LAME AND DEAF
Too many inconceivable coincidences.: The book started off with a bang & Kleenex needed. It then fizzled. There were too many inconceivable coincidences. And how long does it take for 2 people to realize they love each other! Surely their actions could speak louder than words even if they couldn't say them. I mean my gosh how many times did they have to save each other. To me it was ridiculousness & I had difficulty finishing it. Don't waste your time on this. There are too many really good romance novels out there. I have nothing against this author. One of my favorite books was by her, "Once Upon a Time."
good read: This book was worth reading once. It's not the type of book I would read over and over again though.
Worst walkthrough I've seen: This is the worst walkthrough I've ever read. The sections are incomplete and misinformed. The book gives the same item multiple names. Information is given twice on the same page and one of those times is always wrong. Weapons are not located correctly, if even told were to find them. Prices for weapons and items are wrong, and the enemy section has little information; not telling the HP or skills.
All the right stuff: This book is a straight-forward approach to strategy guides! Not a lot of info you don't need, but it includes everything you'll be searching for. In particular, I found the "stardust" check list and sub-quest ("optional" quests) menu to be the most helpful. The stardust is the most important item in getting the coolest sub-quest in the game, and I wouldn't have been able to do it without the guide (nor will you, most likely)! The walk-through style makes it easy to find where you're at, although I would have appreciated more individual maps (instead of the one BIG map). Good game... good guide.
Hot Water Quick: Hot water in 2 seconds - oh, yes! No more washing hands with cold water. Great product! Should have ordered it 15 years ago.
Very Convenient: Shipping was fast and unit was packaged well. The unit is slightly larger than I expected (2.7 gals) which made for some customizing in the under sink area, but installed nicely after that. Be sure to place a baking pan of some kind under installed unit to catch potential high heat discharge or other unpleasant occurance. Dialectric unions between unit and water source are also good materials to figure into installation to limit long term internal corrosion. It's nice to have hot water right away, without running it for two minutes, then having a long line of heated water cool down again and be wasted.
ONSITE WATER HEATER: Did a good job. For what I bought it for ...a remote sink... it heats enough water to wash your face and hands when needed. Does the job. Its a little larger dimentions than expected. I had just enough room...another 1/4" or so I wouldn't have been able to fit the space!! Replaced the cord with a different one to reach about another foot of length. Shipping was fast and packing was good no damage. YES I wood recommend. Update: about a year and a half later: Still works great, removed heating element and sacraficial rod. Ordered two sacraficial rods from Houseneeds.com. After a this time nothing left of the sacraficial rod! Cleaned both in white viniger soaked for two days to clean! Get some extra rods your going to need them!
Bosch GL2.5 gallon POU heater: Worked as advertised. The thing I would like to see built into it is a low water pressure shutoff. This would save the heater in case there was no water in the coil. I had to install an external one. The heater I received had an external temperature control rather than having to take the cover off to adjust it, that's a good addition.
SAVE that H2O!!!: When you have to wait for hot water and it seams like minutes....this point-of-use mini hot water tank is your answer.
Disappointing: I have read about Charlotte and Maximillian as peripheral figures in many other books and was looking forward to a book about them alone. Boy, was I disappointed. This is a fan letter to the royal couple, who in all other accounts were spoiled and difficult. There are no photos or other illustrations, no genealogical tables to help sort out the relatives, and worst of all, no index, footnotes, or references. A high school student could do a better job. I am still not entirely sure if this is fiction or non fiction, the author seems to operate half on conjecture and the other on wishful thinking!
History of Radio: Great documentary for anyone interested in history of radio. Was purchased for my father who worked in radio and TV in the early days. Heard it was so good my husband had to get his own copy.
Preposterous & Vile: Absurd premise made even worse by repulsive plot. All I can see is a creepy 40 year-old male screen writer who has never had a girlfriend thinking, "Yes! This is edgy!" as he types away. The fatal flaw in this film is: I was praying for the pseudo pedophile to kick the smarmy, twisted little bitch's ass; but I GUESS, I was supposed to be rooting for her???? Horrifically misguided - less of a "point" than Beavis and Butthead.
WOAH!: I remember seeing a trailer for this film at the movies awhile ago, but I don't remember it ever being released at theaters near me. I had forgotten all about it. Then the other day I was at the video store and they had a copy left. I rented it still not remembering the preview I had seen until well into the film. All I could say was WOAH! This film is fierce, smart, and intense. Not for the squeamish but SEE IT! It's worth it.
train runs off it's tracks: Could have been interesting, on a tough topic. Midway through the movie, the viewer feels like one is tied down and forced to listen to a harsh lecture-one needs to be entertained in a movie, not tossed with one cliche after the other. A movie that in theory could happen in real life should show people behaving as they actually do, not as this movie does. Beyond ridiculous, a movie with no realism, and people behaving in ways that are laughable. Just because a movie is sick, does not make it good. in the end, a movie has to make at least some sense, and it HAS TO ENTERTAIN! This movie does neither. I had to watch 10 sitcoms to get it's foolishness out of my head.
awful and unwatchable nonsense: The equivalent of the remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre, "Hard Candy" hardly packs a whallop. The film looks cheap, the actors are unconvincing and the story-line, to say the least, is boring, predictable, linear, and without depth. This is a sophmoric production. You will squirm but not much else. Don't buy the hype that this is a new generation's Fatal Attraction. That film had layers of meaning and subtle acting.
A triumph of the good villain?: What makes this movie to be a movie as I see, is the astonishing performing by actors. Ellen Page plays a BEAUTIFUL and unrealistically nonhuman fourteen year old teen as her counterpart is a some sort of a modern lust-filled well-earning computer-literal photo-master.This surrealism covers the entire story where semi-performed sadistic approach by a gal seeking the revenge for a killed friend, which is castration, did not distract a male villain-victim himself from energetic resistance, resulted in a triumph of the good over evil anyway.It is definitely not a "Boy Meets Girl [Region 2]" my review of did not appear on these pages yet for misunderstandable reasons, and it's far away from "Hostel" or "Wolf Creek", but rather a psychological drama leaving a room to suggestion what an animal the supposedly just-simply-emancipated-nowadays girl herself is.
Candy don't taste so good anymore...: I can see how feminists would be all over this. 14 year old nymph gets back at an older masochist. Or is it the other way around ? I really wanted to like this film, but it was too slow and too drawn out. At some point you just feel like sceaming: OK, I GET IT ALREADY. That, and shortly after you want to slap the guy for acting/being stupid. You know she is still in the house, you have a chance to get out, but what do you do ? You go look for her. Dumbass. You deserve everything you get, all the way to the unlikely ending.And then it's over, and you still have questions. Granted, that was the intent, but it makes you feel empty, which was supposed to make you converse with other people about this film I guess. For me however, once was enough. I never need to see it again or talk about it, ever.
A great controversial movie: I really loved this movie. Its a twist on the normal abductor abductee senario. You're not quite sure what's going on at first who's the bad guy and who's not and as the movie progresses you kind of have to decide for yourself. I thought it was pretty strait forward but I know my brother was pretty pissed about the ending and the main female character. I think this is one that is probably going to piss a lot of guys off and women are going to like. Also you kind of have to pay close attention when they talk because the main point isn't super strait forward and they only mention it like 3 times. In the beginning you see the missing poster briefly, then she finds the picture of the missing girl and at the end he tells her a little bit about it. But over all it was good, excellent acting and a very different movie.
Mediocre coverage of a fascinating subject: I found this at a used bookstore and it looked interesting, so I bought it. I am glad I didn't pay full price because I found it to be a disappointing approach to a deeply intriguing and relatable subject. I didn't care for his writing style, it felt sort of juvenile to me in some ways. And, while he offered some good insights, overall the collection of stories seemed contrived, overly-generalized and at times, insensitive to his subjects. I didn't care for it.
New York Times and Guardian UK, right on!: Po' Po. The above reviews say it all. They, like many of us, see through the desperate needs of the narcissistic author using others' personal stories as his stage. There is nothing sincere about Po Bronson. Save your money and buy something from Dr. Phil.
A very nice surprise!: This game was a nice surprise. The cut scene movies they had were very cool and the game play was pretty fast paced. From training you guys to throw fire to flying around in a hotair ballon, this game offered alot of different was of reeking havoc. Especially your Shaman. Once powered up, the Shaman can unleash many spells such as earthquake, tornado, and volcano eruptions and believe me, these are very cool. You can garrison towers to use to your advantage as extra defense while you are attacking. Lots of cool features. You have plenty of battles to fight to get to the final confrontation and this is a very challenging game as it seems like every time you turn around, you are getting attacked again. And when you get to the final battle, well, you'll just have to see for yourself. Very cool. Probably closer to 4 1/2 stars.
I'm impressed with the results: I met the author in Oregon and spoke to him at length about hypnsis and his weight loss program. He was very helpful and sincere and supportive of my weight loss needs. I have tried many other weight loss hypnsis programs from Amazon and was hesitant about getting another. He gave me the confidence to purchase this tape and it's worked! So far I have lost 17 pounds and I feel better about myself than I have in years. I highly recommend this product and will keep you up to date on how much I ultimately lose.
Great for both bath & luggage: I first found this brand/scent at a little shop in the Cincinnati airport. I loved both the body wash and these bath salts so much I tried to ensure any connecting flights I had in the future went through that airport so I could restock. Since the shop didn't have internet or mail order, I was happy to find I was able to order this brand through Amazon.The Eucaplyptus is light, refreshing and leaves your skin feeling silky. I love putting one of these packets into luggage too. It is VERY long lasting and keeps bad odors away while your luggage is stored away.
Works well until it fails: I bought the GT-100A door closer along with the open/close status monitor in December of 2009. I installed it myself and everything was great until January 2011 when the door stopped closing automatically. It seems the timer has failed a month after the warranty ran out. Poor quality product in my opinion. The documentation is not very clear on how to troubleshoot this issue so I unplugged power to the garage door closer and started from scratch to confirm that the unit has experienced a failure.
Easy to install but unreliable and unpredictable: 10-minute install, decent instructions. Works most of the time, but occasionally the door sensor will not be triggered by an open door. My main complaint is that when the door is opened using an external keypad (radio frequency), the sensor is not triggered till the door closes and then the door will open 15 minutes after IT IS CLOSED! This completely defeats the purpose of the timer. Almost a good product but it has a critical flaw!
Works Good: No issues. Installation was easy. Product arrived as described and early than expected. No complaints here. I have installed a K&N in my BMW a couple years ago and these things pay for themselves in the end since they have a lifetime warranty... Good Buy.
vERY BIASED IN THEIR VENDORS!!: All vendors in the book pay to be reviewed. Some vendors are not reliable ..do your homework..check out everything before you take their word!!
Early Reznor: This album reflects the sound of late 80's music, Although many people think that 80's music wasn't that appealing, this album is a acception of that belief. It projects into the sound of early 90's industrial/electronic music. Reznor's early work "Pretty Hate Machine," is one of his best, it leads into his EP "Broken" and also gives us a taste of "The Downward Spiral." NIN's first Album is a must buy!
Avoid: To quote Trent Reznor on this reissue "NIN fans, don't waste your money on this version of PHM that was just released". Enough said.Get the remastered version.
whoa: wow , to think I was only 2 -3 years old when this album came out , well now I'm 14 and I love this album . Its in my top 5 albums , although other NIN albums are better , this album has songs most people can relate to , the sad lyrics about how much love [stinks] to lyrics about mistrust in religion to an all out song about [love]. Haha . Better than most of the stuff out there . Go get it . Its worth it .
ah, Trent, where are you now...: Anybody who buys this before "The Downward Spiral" will be severely disappointed by this album. While "TDS" was all ooh, I'm metal, oh, very scary, "Pretty Hate Machine" shows Trent as the reformer of industrial. Just the same, I wish he hadn't watered industrial down into the Marilyn Mansonish muck it is today. But by its standards, "PHM" is actually a pretty good album.Trent hits many moods here...anger, angst (groan), sadness, insanity, a wish for belonging, et cetera. It is like he is an angel fallen from grace, or a Clive Barker character, bloodied, torn, and discarded by all but the world of the damned, but still with a sense of belonging like in "Cabal." (It is with no irony that NIN credits Barker in the liner notes.)Get this album for a moody look at what Trent Reznor was. If you buy his projects now, namely Two, and his Bowie/NIN track on "I'm Afraid Of Americans," you're a fool. Ah Trent...why have you fallen...
What's the point!: No bonus tracks, or remastering. Trent Reznor, where are you at re-releasing this?
I'm not angry, just disappointed: Introducing the world to Industrial music in 1988, Pretty Hate Machine set the standard for the underlying trend of pop sensibility/ depressing atmospheric sound NIN was about. However, this is NIN's first album, and it definitely shows.The album spawned a couple of still-thriving radio hits in "Head Like a Hole" (a catchy synthesizer-driven ballad about how dollar signs can be the only things in peoples' eyes sometimes), "Terrible Lie" (an isolated, lonely song about being abandoned by God), and "Down in it" (regretful song about being caught up in your own hubris).Maybe I'm just comparing this to Trent's progressively darker material, but this album just isn't heavy at all. If you're looking for that consult "The Downward Spiral". This album is more about wallowing in misery than anything else and it comes off as too- what's the word? - foreign sounding?? I don't know maybe, youll get a different impression. Certainly not the best the NIN catalog has to offer.
Buy the remastered one instead: Pretty Hate machine was a great album, but this is not the version you want to buy.This was released by Trent's old label as a simple easy money-maker. Don't buy this. Instead get the Remastered version of the album that was actually produced by Trent and his crew.
Ushering in a new age of banality...: Firstly, Nine inch Pales by comparison have nothing whatsoever to do with 'industrial'. 'industrial' is dark ambient, it nary has choruses, hooks etc. Secondly, this is well arranged synthpop, it give this a 3/3 for music, although some of it is awfully dated. But the trite, awful lyrics. Oh dear. Found a weak spot. These sort of lyrics have inspired mildly depressed 14 year olds to dress silly and swear at attractive, functional people unlike myself. This is a soul-less man baring all, and revealing a void, filled with total stupid sloganeering, affected self-induced depression, mild despair amplified. Mr Reznor was a very popular, functional, artistic, gets dates type of person at high-school, there's some background for you.-1 for the lyrics. So that's 1-2.
Ok.. one more time.. this is garbage..: *sigh* I've listened to this again and again.. trying to find how people can like it.. and I can't.. it's horribly awful.. and I have a high tolerance for all music... bleh.. "Dead Elvis" is still one of my all-time fav cds out of hundreds.. but this cd is a HUGE disappoinment... Dirge is good.. for 2min.. then you just want it to end.. the songs all lack the nice deep groove the first album had.. this is randomchaos... hard to listen to.. and bad repeating vocals thrown in.. a few songs near the end start to be nice.. but run off and end quick... I bought this cd for $18 the day it was released.. then found it for $3 a few days later used... so now i have 2 poor copies.. (I felt bad for the used one) if you can get this cd for pocket change.. try it.. otherwise.. get Dead Elvis and hunt for better stuff... Death in Vegas has left the building.. d=\
Haunting, yet upbeat: While not a huge fan of 'Dead Elvis', I was willing to give this sophomore effort a listen. From the creepy, opening track 'Dirge'(the best track), the listener is first introduced to an electronic drum track which fluidly turns into an organically killer drum beat, driving the tune home. The haunting guitar and powerful bass line hold 'Dirge' together like superglue. With my sudden fascination with 'Contino', 'Dead Elvis' will now be entering my CD player again!! Buy it!!!!
Disappointing: After receiving our Thomas Ready to Run set which didn't work, we received Percy in hopes it would work. It did for a short time. Started squeeking so we oiled it and now it doesn't work at all. Definately not worth the money. We want to get our money back!
Had to return: I gave this train to my grandson for Christmas. The wheels-?motor started squealling and stopping on the track shortenly after he started playing with it. I had to return the train and have still,after over 2 weeks, have not heard anything from the place where I purchased it. Makes me wounder about buying on line- no one to deal with such problems- just have to take a leap of faith to get it replaced.
Action game - Not strategy: This game reminded me of 'missle command' at an arcade. You don't have to have any strategy, you just need to be quick with your SM-2 firing buttons and mouse.
a good water saver: My well produces 6 GPM. I have a tankless water heater and I waste water until the hot water arrives. I put the 4 gal. ariston in series with the water heater for the downstairs shower-it works great- instant hot water. I also put a 2 gal. ariston under the kitchen sink. They both save us water. The tankless water heater heats on demand so every time you turn the valve you fire up the water heater. In the kitchen I hooked the ariston to the cold water (it takes too long for hot water) Works fine for me since I do most of the dishes by hand. The fridge has cold water for drinking. These heaters are easy to install so it can be changed in about 5 min. Bill CA.
Lousy Support: We installed this unit about 4 years ago, and it worked fine and the install was simple.However, it started leaking within the warranty period and found it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to deal with the lousy customer service. Had to wait forever and finally got someone who said I need to talk to someone else where they would want my life history about this product. After 4 hours I just gave up.While this isn't a lot of money, this kind of service is totally unacceptable.I filed a complaint with the BBB.Never again.
Each story seems unfinished: Michael Chabon is a very talented author, but you don't get the impression by reading this weak collection of stories. Each story is written with no apparent finale. When it does have an ending, it tends to baffle the reader rather than offer closure. I especially disliked the title story where the first person narrator is omniscient only half the time. It's more annoying than innovative. It seems that Chabon didn't have enough materials to write a novel, and thought, "why not write a bunch of stories with disputable continuity and call them vignettes?" I suggest that you skip this book, or you'll be thinking less of a great writer.
Creative and exciting short fiction...: When I first came across this book in it's initial paperback printing, I was excited by his blend of outrageous humor and insightful prose. Especially hilarious is the story about two friends, one of whom plays with things for a living. He looks for the "intrinsic ludic value" of ordinary household items, or rather, would they make good toys. He had one relationship end because of the natural similarities between the shape of a flying saucer and the shape of a birth control pill dispenser. On a whole, it reminded me of Raymond Carver but without the suicidal tendencies. More mature (but not as funny) as his wonderful first novel _The Mysteries of Pittsburgh_, I am looking forward to his next volume of short fiction as it seems to me that the short story is his true gift.
Absolute best: I have been using this cleanser for years now. I use it all year round without scrubs or any additional cleansers. On its own, I feel it does a great job of cleansing. Although it may not remove all the oil and grime, it does cleanse well compared to other deep clean cleansers.
made problems worse: I bought this to clear up some clogged pores on my forehead. I used it every day for 2 months and the problem only seemed to get worse. Once I stopped using this my forehead was cleared up within a week, not sure what would have happened if I never used this at all but if it only works when u stop using it then it is a bad product... lol
Classic Survival Story: This is a very good book about surviving as a POW in Vietnam. Itdoes get a bit lengthy at time when he is discussing the attemptsto "correct" his attitude and he describes the same philosophya few times too many but it is an extremely in depth look atthe philosophical and mental problems faced by a POW in Vietnam.
Interesting character interactions: intriguing and confusing: I throughly enjoyed this work of Emily Bronte's (which I believe to be her only novel). I liked Wuthering Heights much more than her sister's, Char.'s, Jane Eyre. The love and hatred which paint this plot make the reader love and hate every character at different points in the book. The only thing that I did not like is that I felt that having finsihed the book, I was never quite able to find a character whose motives I thought I truly understood--but perhaps this ambiguity is what adds an element of psychological intrigue to the plot.
This book is painfully boring: If one wants to be bored into tears, one should invest in this unreasonably terrible. The only thing I liked about it was the fact that it cured my sleep deprivation problem. At the end of the book, nothing has happened other than a bunch of funerals. I may be young and stupid but I believe that I am advanced enough to know the work of a inept writer. You can cast my opinion away because my young age, but from "See Spot Run" to "King James' Bible" there has never been a book so gargantuously horrible.
a pure soap opera: Bronte does no follow up on any characters and leaves us grasping at what the meaning of all the action. For example, someone will get married and then Bronte just leaves it at that. Just because they fight with each other later on merely shows that self absorbed people don't get along. Dear Bronte, if you're going to write a book, add more to the characters and don't just state the obvious. Also, why did you include that dream about Cathy Linton in the beginning and not have any more supernatural stuff later? You should involve the supernatural and not just mention or include it. One star is generous
Wuthering Indeed!: Well as if the Nineteenth Century weren't bad enough we now have Penguin shoving it down our maws every other day with another re-issue of some tepid "classic." Miss Bronte has done it again and wielded her magic pen as a wand and cast her net of sleep on the unsuspecting reading public of America. The only consolation the non-preteen girl reader can get form this sack of slumber is the final realisation that "wuthering" is British slang for "your eyelids are getting heavy, why don't you just nod off?" I really have to say to Miss Bronte that I did not find Garfield's antics convincing in the least.
Classic???: I just can't past the boring words to understand the plot. There is this guy who wants to take revenge on everyone, but he loves this one girl, that he can't have, and he marries this other girl to get her money. What is going on here? It sounds like a season of All My Children or any other day-time soap opera. Maybe everyone from the Heights and the Grange should appear on Jerry Springer and fight it out. Needless to say, I did not like the gypsy orphan and the bratty little princess whining about everything that came their way. I bet Geraldo could get them to confront each other about thier problems.
Excellent!: Recommended by several friends & was well worth the effort! Found this book to be timeless. Will reread it in the future
Good: I never had to read this in high school, so I thought I'd give it a try now. It was pretty good. I think it may have been better if I read it in high school so we could all dissect the passages, but I think I managed fairly well on my own. I thought it was a good book. I'm glad I bought it.
Wuthering Heights: text, sources, criticism (Harbrace source: In addition to the complete text of Wuthering Heights, this volume contains selected poems of Emily Bronte and articles of criticism by such noted authors as E. M Forster and Mark Shorer. Shorer's essay is an introduction to another edition and provides background information on Emily Bronte and her family, a valuable "family tree" of the characters in W. H., and a perceptive interpretation of the novel.
I Hated Everyone: All I could think about when reading this novel is what character am I supposed to be interested in. My answer was none of them. I could not stand anyone of the main characters, and began to rejoice in anything negative that happened to them. Maybe I was supposed to feel that way. In any circumstance I would not say it was an enjoyable read.
The epitome of love: This is the most devastating, romantic book ever written. Emily Bronte is a magician, and her magic entraps you through this book. Catherine sums up the meaning of love when she explains to Nelly her love for Heathcliff: "My greatest thought in living is Heathcliff. If all else perished, and HE remained, I should still continue to be...Nelly, I AM Heathcliff!"
A Horrid Disappointment: After reading Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte, I was looking forward to reading this work of her sister's. I was mortally disappointed. It was like an extremely bad soap opera, with pointless obsessions and passions ruling the lives of the characters with an iron grip. With pathetic, dying lovers, doom, and desperation, it has no redeeming virtues.
mixed: i dont know if i would love or hate this book because i couldnt read it because im not the best reader and have to sound things out sometimes and i couldnt understand half the words on the first page alone and so i had to keep looking in the dictionary half the time to under stand and so i gave up and deleted the book but other people tell me its a good book i just coldnt understand it i hope other people like it
Couldn't put it down!: This is one of those extremely rare books that it is nearly impossible to put down. For a week, I went around a near zombie because the night before I had stayed up for hours saying "Just one more chapter, then I HAVE to go to bed". I was completely entralled. It never got boring or slow, and the tale it told is unlike any other I have ever heard before. If you're tired of boring old romance stories, I promise you - this one is different. It is truly a shame that it was Emily Bronte's only novel.Toni
Not my favorite: I know many people love this book, but I've read it 3 times, and I just can't appreciate it. While I have no complaint with the technical aspects of it (writing style, grammar, etc.), the story drives me a little bit crazy and makes me depressed.
Classic: This was a classic novel with multiple layers and aspects that keep you interested, involved with the characters, and eager to see how it develops.
Dark and dreary: A depressing read about deception in all its forms. Very well written just didn't like the story but at the same time I couldn't put it down because I was hoping for something happy. Weird ending as well.
A Love for the Ages.: Who doesn't know a couple like Katherine and Heathcliff? Passionate, stormy and star crossed. A love story that keeps you involved to the very end.
Product Description Misleading: Though the performances are very good, I am very frustrated with this purchase, as Amazon describes this set as unabridged. It is, in fact, substantially abridged, so buyer beware.
I didn't like this book.: I didn't really like this book, because it was just boring, and I couldn't understand what they were really talking about. It just didn't interest me, and it was confusing. I didn't like the characters too much and didn't get them. I think this book could've been better, and I personally wouldn't want to read it again. I had a hard time getting into it, the whole time I was reading it. It was pretty boring.
not me: I like classics but couldn't get into this one. The style of writing is not my favorite. maybe i'll try again later
Chilling: There was Linton sucking on his candy as a weak teenager with confused alliances. It is moments of surreal force like these that make people love or hate Wuthering Heights.With so many reviews, I'll add a little. This is fiction to the extreme so WARNING reading W.H is like stepping into a giant colorful painting with abstract and realistic elements.Heathcliff (contrary to popular belief) is not the star of the show. Every character is allowed to bloom to the extreme and make you wonder if they lived to the full.Even with five stars over this review...I have an issue with the book it was and is still unsettling. In fact almost everyone except the two narrators...a tenant at the Grange and the housekeeper Ellen Dean...have either horrid language and seemingly do not care about their lives or anyone else's or they have other huge irksome problems.Also...the free Kindle ed. does not include translations of phrases or any special introductions or additional information.
Swollen, boring, bourgeois melodrama: I'm convinced that this book is considered a "classic"because people are sheep and know they're supposed to think it is. Don't get me wrong -- I love some of the classics but this book was one of the most dull, turgid, tedious, pointless books I have ever had the displeasure of reading. To be truthful, it was such a chore to read that I could not bring myself to finish it.
Wuthering Height's: I enjoyed reading this book, though I did not find it as interesting as some of the other Brote sister's work. Emily is definatly a much better writer than Charlotte. The book Wuthering Height's reflects Emily's character very well, Emily was a very shy person who did not associate with people much outside her family. It is a shame that this is Emily's only novel.
Honest opinion of an intelligent, avid reader, unforced.: The writing is not half bad, the language flows well. I'll agree with other readers, it's hard to tell who's leading the narrative. It's also hard to tell the relations of the characters until quite a ways into the book. The story does not end up satisfying the reader. It's not really even much of a love story. It's quite a hate story. I'm glad I read it, but only because it kept me from buying it.
It was not the most exciting book I've ever read.: Even though Emily and Charlotte are sisters, it obvious who the better writer of the two is, Charlotte. I chose this novel for my 12th grade students to read and I decided that I would never again read it. It takes too long for everyone to realize Heathcliff is a jerk. I think that if anyone is interested in reading the Brontes to read Charlotte. If anyone is interested in reading literature from that era, read Jane Austen.
Incestry: Absolutely loved the approach to this topic. Original, enchanting, surprising and overall a great depiction of how lives were led in other times.
The Gothic Bronte: Wuthering Heights is a well-written book. The style and language are impressive. However, this book is not for the faint-hearted. It was written as a gothic novel and is faithful to its genre. I honestly felt very depressed and angry at several of the characters throughout the course of the book. It is valuable to increase the reader's awareness of English literature, but if the object of one's reading is pleasure, I would recommend reading a book by either of her sisters, Anne or Charlotte.
THIS BOOK WAS SHLOCK!: i hated this book with a passion! i felt no sympathy for any of the characters and i thought that it was pointless and boring.
bad paper quality.: I bought this as one of my collection of Classics. Everyone knows that the novel itself deserves a five star. However, the poor paper quality does not match the quality of the content.
I didn't like anything about this moisturizer: I purchased this moisturizer at CVS after trying neutrogena Ultra sheer liquid dauly sun protection which, by the way, is amazing. I'm so so dassapointed in this oil free moisturizer, the reasons are: it does feel greasy, it's irritating, it is hard to apply makeup on it, it does not moisturize. After three or four times of using it i end up washing it off my face and squeezing the rest of my old moisturizer out of the tube( Vichy for oily skin ). I would not recomend it to anyone; there are some options out there that are in the same price range but much better quality( vichy is an example).
Definitely in my top 10: I first saw this movie in the theaters, and it was amazing!! I can't count the number of times I laughed. It's a good family film, even though it's PG-13, but these days, 8 yr olds are watching R movies....Zac Efron is AMAZING in this movie. Definitely better than the HSM movies he did. This movie is definitely in my Top 10 Favorite Movies.
Solid 4.0 for a lighweight film: No wonder Mike is an old, bitter cynic at age 40. If I went from looking like Zac Efron to Matthew Perry, I'd be most unhappy, too. What a funny, sweet and endearing movie. Zac Efron is more than just blue eyes and hair and his best friend (Thomas Lennon) is hysterical. He also gets a storyline that's just as enjoyable. What I liked about it a lot is that Efron's character Mike, is still in Dad and husband mode in his interactions with his family. Efron does a good job affecting the mannerisms of someone who is older than 17. And as a "Scarlett" myself, my "Mike" went from "yeah, I wish I could do it all over again, too" at the beginning to "marrying you is one of the best things I ever did." Awww.
Won't Work: The Rocket Rings are designed to fit both 110 & 130 BCD cranks. The crank shipped to me will not work with my (standard) 130 BCD road cranks. Although the holes are in the right place, the machining of the chainring does not allow them to fit.
a tender boheme: this is a good version of la boheme. what sets it apart is the tenderness between rodolfo and mimi, especially in the garret and breakup scenes. the other highlight is swenson's musetta. she's flighty without being girlish like too many musetta's are. vaduva's is a sweet, delicate voiced mimi, just perfect for the role. the only negative is she has problems hitting her high notes. her voice isn't always steady, and she has a tendency to become shrill in the higher registers. alagna is a good rodolfo, but not in the class of bjorling and pavarotti.a worthy version of boheme. my favorite is still the beecham with de los angeles and bjorling in the lead roles. but this is one of the better modern versions.
Awesome: This game brings me back to my high school days. I never had the opportunity to finish the game in high school. Now that I own it, I have to make time to play it like I used too. I'm just happy I could find it. It looks just like it did back in the 90s. That's what I love about it.
GREAT GAME BUT......: This game is AWESOME.Once you get it you can't stop playing it, at least for a couple of days or weeks.This game is A LOT like Red Alert, just better graphics, a different story line, and the tanks look a little different.I would get this game if you love Red Alert or your just bored.I got it cuzz I love Red Alert.But anyways you'll probally get bored of this game in a couple of weeks (Even on Multiplayer) because not that many people play it and its all the same thing over and over again.Thats my opinion so you can try the game yourself and tell me what ya think of it!
This was and still is top 5 all time: STRAIGHT OUTA COMPTON, IS WHERE IT ALL BEGAN FOR MANY HIP HOP HEADS
meh: i thought i would like this album a lot more than i do. reggae and the beatles, but some of the songs come across as cheesy cruise ship covers. i really wanted to love it, but it is just ok
Menthol Problematic!!!: Product did not work too well for me. Left my face very dry and caused it to peel. I could have lived with it since I use a facial cream after cleansing, but the Menthol in the product was unbearable. My face kept feeling like it was burning and it wasn't pleasant. As soon as I applied this product I had to rinse it off immeditately as to minimize the effects of the Menthol and pray it got nowhere near my eyes. I have since switch over to Neutrogena's Grapefruit cleanser and have been having excellent results after only 3 days of use. I actually no longer need to use a facial cream after using it!
I Love Mariah Always: Mariah does not absolutely not "mime" in this video. It's live at Madison Square Garden for heavens sake. Who will lip synch every single song in front of all those people? I don't think so. Mariah is truly one of the few artist who can sing live. I love you Mariah. *hugz*
Get Real: Mariah Carey has long been looked at as one of my idols. I thought how she was doing something that she loved and didn't worry about having to "lip sync", due to the fact she has a marvelous voice. I was wrong. Mariah Carey was obviously "lip syncing" in this video. All of the songs sound just as they did when they were released. I begining to think she has lost her confidence.
Before things went downhill for Mimi.: Fantasy - Mariah Carey at Madison Square Garden was her last great concert. After her Daydream album, Mimi's voice got more strained and her image started to change, she just wasn't the same woman I adored as a youngster. Mariah's concert on this particular DVD is pretty much flawless, great performances include: Fantasy, Open Arms, Dreamlover, Without You, Vison of Love, and Always Be My Baby. I highly recommend this gem of a purchase, enjoy!
Still a Favorite: I read this book - glued to it - in high school -- and because I am fascinated by medicine anyway, I have recently repurchased a few copies to share with others. If there weren't so many books to read, I'd read it again! I still might!
NOT very difficult but You must have: The puzzle was a excelente hobie!!! if you are a lord of the ring follower you must have this puzzle
K&N intake & filter kit: Product fit good, and performs well. Mounted onto 2001 F-250 w/ 7.3 powerstroke. Packaging was good, directions were clear. Shipped quick from Amazon, as always. Good product.
this album rules: I love this album. It is one of the best rap cd,s there is. Rascalz rule! this album rules! I can't wait for there next album.
Bosch GL6 Point-of-use Mini-Tank Water Heater Electric: I put in a kitchen down stairs because my wife has problems with climbing stairs. I installed this unit under the sink area for use to the Dishwasher and the Sink. Plenty of HOT Water for all the needs. Very easy unit to install. The only problem was the Brass plug that came with the unit,it had bad threads and kept leaking so had to go buy a new plug and no more leaks. Good product for the price.I plan on getting a smaller one(only in propane) for my camp RV.
Never got to use the product: Received the first product but the round cut outs from the manufacturer were not cut correct to accept the pressure relief valve and the stopper plug. Replaement sent quickly; however, it was damaged in shipping. Returned for refund.Customer very good but manuafacter and shipping damange an issue.
Works perfectly!: I bought this water heater to replace a small water heater located in my garage to service my washer. Being able to mount it on the wall was very helpful. It was relatively easy to install and works perfectly with my new high-efficiency washer.
High-energy solos, phenomenal compositions...: Frank Carlberg is a great pianist and a truly playful composer.Using texts of great beat poets such as Jack Kerouac, Kenneth Rexroth, Samuel Beckett, and the lesser known genius Anslem Hollo (to name a few), Carlberg and his wife, the great vocalist Christine Correa, collectively convey their musicality and their dark sense of humor.They, as well as the other musicians, each spectacular, have the wonderful ability to truly communicate through jazz/improvisation. Every note has a purpose. Not a phrase is too arrogant. It is highly artistic music that doesn't take itself too seriously.I hope this group is going to record more music like this. It's downright amazing.
Loving it...: This game is perfect for everyone. I think that I have played this game more than any of the other games that I own. It has good graphics, excellent sound, and works flawlessly with my Force Feedback steering wheel. The cars are a little less adjustable than I would like, especially at the GT1 level, but it is still good. The best thing about this game is that it can be set to be easy, and when you get better, you can crank up the difficulty and the opponents get really aggressive, it's a blast!
Black and Decker Stain Stick - Amazing Results!: For years I have been staining using a regular brush or even a roller with an extension. The results were fine, but the job was very time consuming.One of my co-workers had purchased the Black and Decker Stain Stick and told me how much quicker and easier he got his jobs done. I borrowed it and he was right! It is a genuine tool that has easy to follow instructions and delivers as it promises. The tube holds a good amount of stain, the pad glides easily over wood surfaces, and there is no excess stain flowing through as you work. Great price to on Amazon.com
Paint Faster: The paint stick makes painting quicker by saving you the time it normally takes to evenly load a paint roller with paint. Cons: It takes a bit of time to clean the stick; the stick gets a little heavy when loaded with paint (can be solved by filling only half of the stick with paint when starting); and it wasn't long enough for me to paint the ceiling (maybe taller people will have better luck). Still, I thought it was rather useful.
Ready or not, here life comes: Another good book to read by Mel Levine. His books are very informative and you do learn alot from him.
Listen to the bad press!: You cannot imagine how BAD this supplement is. In the process of plagarizing alternative "house rules," they broke just about every damned one of them. I read the bad reviews, but didn't listen. Do yourself a favor, save your $35 bucks and make up your own damend rules if you have issues with the core-rules. It could NOT POSSIBLY turn out worse than this book. Not one original idea. I'm starting to wonder whether WotC has chased off their best tallent. I mean, come on! These guys previous claims to fame were the Dragonomicon, the Hero Builder's Guide and Arms and Equipment? Rich Redman is the only one of these HACKS who has produced anything worthy of publication. Where the hell is Monte Cook when you need him? Sure, he get's carried away sometimes, but at least he can think for himself and use his goddamned imagination!!!
Gave up after first 5 minutes: This product works fine for the very first 5 minutes, and then black smoke coming out of the motor compartment vent. After that, it quits, and nothing happens when you press the trigger. I saw other customers having the same encounter with this product. Seems like it's got a quality control problem at the factory.
Poulan 400E Electric Chainsaw: The product arrived in perfect working order and ready to use. Very powerful and fast sawing ability for both branches and logs. A friend who has a gas chainsaw said he much preferred using my Poulan electric saw. It is well balanced and easy to use. I do not have a problem with long runs of electrical cord. The longest I have used is 50 feet, using an extension cord of #14 wire gauge. The only drawback to this product is that is does not come with a carrying/storage case. The flimsy plastic chain guard doesn't last long. Also, I don't know about the ease of obtaining a new chain when that time comes. The product seems to be perfect for my use, which is occasional trimming and cutting of branches and small trees. I don't know how it would stand up to heavy duty use, but it's a good price/performance value.
Poulan Electric Chain Saw: My husband's gas-powered chain saw can be hard to start - especially on cold days. An electric chain saw can be the answer to the problem - as long as the cutting or trimming job isn't too far from home!
Terry, Colorado: This Poulan chain saw is great.Worked flawlessly right out of box.Very good saw for price . Plenty of power& works well plugged into 100' 12/3 cord.
Do not buy if you have large yard: Purchased saw to trim some medium sized trees. Unfortunately, when reading the literature which came with the saw, it states that using an extension cord more than 50 feet long is not recommended and that the saw could overheat with a longer extension cord. This makes it unuseable for anyone except those who have trees within 50 feet of an electrical outlet. You could use a gasoline generator, but this defeats the purpose of an electric saw and it is impractical. Nowhere on the website description does it caution you about this problem and this is a mistake for Amazon which I assume has many of these items returned for various reasons. Description should contain the extension cord limitation.
Husband Still Loves It: I purchased this for my husband from Amazon well over 1 year ago. It has had fairly heavy use, including cutting down over 20 large trees on our property.The trees were about 14" in diameter and 35' to 40' tall. All were cut into firewood also. Of course he uses it for many smaller jobs around the yard.There has been no problems whatsoever with the saw. It is much better in ouropinion than the gas chain saw we used to use.
Worked well for a while....then died....but MY FAULT!!!: Bought this late 2008.....used it about 4 times. Nothing heavy...yard work with no more than an hour of total use. Took it out today to cut a fallen branch, plugged it in, pulled the trigger....silence. Absolutely nothing. Checked the extention cord...moved to another outlet, etc., so-forth and so-on. Another exception to the rave reviews I guess.....but it is over a year and a half old...so Poulan probably won't want to hear my story. A waste of $80 + tax in the long run.UPDATE 8/3/2010: Thanks to a comment posted with this review...and the fact I didn't chuck this in the garbage right away...I found out that there is an unobvious "safety" feature which shuts this down...which doesn't involve the main triggers you use with your fingers. See the comment posted with this review. I now give this saw 5 stars.
Turn the small ding, into a 10 inch crack!!!: I got a small, star crack in my windshield and figured if I could seal it in time it would not spread. This product was recommended to me and the salesman at the store said... it is pretty easy, and works well, but make sure to follow the directions carefully. I must have read them 20 times... so when I was on the step that involved sticking the adhesive ring on the windshield and pressing FIRMLY (directions read, "firmly"), the crack spread in 3 separate places about 4 inches in each direction!! I did not even want to continue but I figure I already bought it to maybe it could at least fill in some of the crack. Moving on with the directions... it said to injected the syringe and slowly push down... while slowly pushing down the sticker made a loud POP noise and the resin dropped down. This product SEEMS like a good, preventative treatment, but it sucks and only makes it a lot worse... and messy.
Poor directions: I am a retired ASE Master rated Auto body guy....That said. I'd steer clear of this product. Poor resultsdue to poor instructions in my opinion.Due to past experience I knew what to do to even get passableresults.1. Clean out pit well!!2. Use a non-oil based solvent like 99% Alcohol to pre-cleanglass area.3. Retain a bit of resin for last step. They tell you in one stepto empty it into fitting, and then at the end ask you to place adrop into the pit prior to placing clear plastic on (my plasticwas amber). Nice trick if you've emptied the resin as directed.My final repair was marginal despite my training.
Not worth even a fraction of the cost: Knowing what is required to repair a windshield, I was skeptical, but I thought I would give Permatex windshield repair kit a try. Don't waste your money. Permatex makes excellent products, however this is not one of them. The seals blew out on both kits on a perfectly flat and clean windshield, spraying resin everywhere. Bulseyes are no better or worse.
Brilliant indeed!: I bought this today and I cannot put into words how incredible this Tosca is! Buy it and be swept away by La Divina!
The greatest Tosca ever recorded!: Period. I do not care what a Sills-Fanatic says. I love Nilsson's live Tosca with Carreras, also the live one with Corelli and if my memory serves me correctly McNeill as Scarpia. Hell, those were great performances. As was Tebaldi's with Corelli at the MET. And this one too. IMHO the best recording Callas ever made.
what can i say: A spledid tale that I read again and again. One of my absolute favorites and a must read for anyone who read and enjoyed Watership Down (Tailchaser's Song is even better).
Very Good Fantasy Tale: This charactors in this book could easily be subsituted for human charactors. If have read Tad Williams Memory Sorrow & Thorn series you will see a lot of similarities. Don't let the cats on the cover scare you away this is just a straight up fantasy story using cats instead of people.
Absolute BEST!: I have read a lot of books, but this one takes the cake. Tailchaser's Song is absolutely my favorite book! Not only is it wonderfully written (which it is) but it is also from the point of view of a cat. I would recommend this to everyone!
Disappointing: Tad Williams sets out to a great start, but after I was about half way through the book became stagnant and uninteresting. I like the idea of humans having evolved from cats (I love cats !!) and initially found the characters and their stories captivating. But Tad Williams just slows down and comes to a screeching halt somewhere near the middle, and I couldn't get myself to continue reading.
Another Stupid cat book.: I guess if you LOVE cats you might find this book tolerable. It is more interested in beating you over the head about how wonderful cats are than telling a meaningful story. An overly obvious take of on Watership Down except it is more interested in promotion of the "humanity" of kitty cats than in storytelling.Fritti is one of the shallowist fantasy characters in a long time. Provides a pethetic mouthpiece for the promotion of "kitty cat philoshpy"AVOID AVOID AVOID
Rust on a new wallet??: Plain and simple, i bought this wallet with money clip brand new. When it arrived, the money clip on the outside of the wallet had rust on it. Rust on it! on a brand new wallet. I'm still using my old wallet.
Much depends on the instrument: I picked the recording based on the artist, without noticing that Kirkpatrick here uses not a harpsichord but a clavichord. I've been a devotee of Baroque music for 40 years, and I must confess this is the first clavichord recording I have ever owned. The performance is what we would expect of Mr. Kirkpatrick, and the clavichord does allow for an extra measure of dynamic and percussive expression. Perhaps after more exposure I will stop hearing echoes of a banjo or steel guitar. Next time I do think I'll stick with a harpsichord.
The political history of the prohibition movement: In this book, Thomas Pegram offers a good introduction to the political history of America's struggles with alcohol, from the temperance movement of the early 19th century to the repeal of Prohibition. More than just an account of the various reform movements addressing the issue, Pegram also discusses the social role of drinking during the era as a way of explaining both what motivated the reformers and why reform was so difficult. The result is a concise account that packs a considerable amount of interesting information into a short, accessible book that is an excellent starting point for anybody interested in learning more about the prohibition movement or the role that alcohol has played in American history.
Callas-None Better: La Boheme in its complete form is splendid no matter what, but Callas, who is clearly at the apex of her powers, is remarkable. This opera, and this version in particular, is a must for anyone who wishes to hear the best that the art form has to offer. Giuseppe di Stephano is pretty good as well. He and Callas were emotionally close, although not in the Biblical sense, however their regard for each other comes through in what many regard as Verdi's best effort.
White bathroom cabinet: I was very disappointed with all of the hardware that came with the cabinet. None of the knobs worked. I Ended up having to go to a hardware store to get new knobs. The screws that hold the hinges were also striped or were not the right size. The doors do not hang correctly. I checked on line and on my receipt to see if there was a customer service phone number. I couldn't find one. I was very disapointed.
Excelent Teaching tool: I bought this album for my infant daughter and she has exceled in so many ways. she has show a huge improvement with her attitude and is always asking to listen to "Tia". in the car, at home, wherever we go, it "Tia, Tia!". I would recommend this cd to all parents for their kids to listen to in the most important time of their life. Their Childhood!!!!! i commend Tia and the Quacker Tunes for helping me to shape my child to the better person that she has become.Thank you,Mike
Hit and (mostly) miss.: After the disappointment of Carol Shields' last book, the novel Larry's Party, I thought I would give her a second try with this collection of short stories. At times Shields doesn't disappoint - Dressing Up For The Carnival has a few wonderful stories - I particularly like 'Mirrors'. However, in many stories Shields tries to put an imaginative and poetic slant on the everyday banal - but sadly with little success. Most of the stories here seem forced, the result of some self-imposed writing excerise that in the end read like teenage creative writing exams. For such an accomplished writer many of these stories seem young and naive - even unfinished perhaps. Her themes of aging women, often disappointed by life or the infidelities of men, are bittersweet but in the end left me with nothing.
Great book for ages 2-8: This is the "Old MacDonald" of books. I would not wait until age 4. Read it to them early and soon they'll read it to you.
An excellent description of a seminal event in history.: Well written, easy to read, fascinating subject about efforts by conservatives to destroy detente between the US and the USSR in the mid-1970s. Interesting reading for students and laypersons. Cahn unearthed lots of formerly classified documents.
No Book No Explanation: Placed the order in Nov. but never got the book. After one month, I wrote to the seller to check it out, then I got a refund without any explanation. I need the book for my kid's school project and the seller messed it up. How can we trust the seller any more?
Not up to LP standards: This book had a number of problems, including wrong address information for several sites, mislabeled maps, etc. The suggestions made were as per usual with LP guides, excellent, but when the map and direction goofs adding so much time in looking for things in the book or on the wrong streets, the advantages of having a pocket guideare quickly lost.
Elgar ... Cello Concerto + Sea Pictures.: Incredible ... incredible. You get the classic 'Cello Concerto in E minor' of Elgar, with du Pré (cello) and Barbirolli conducting the London Symphony Orchestra + 'Sea Pictures,' (also Elgar, of course) with Dame Janet Baker as mezzo-soprano.While those two works are classics (certainly the concerto), they are also treated with utter care and respect by certainly one of the best conductors ever, and may I say legendary du Pré? and the superb Dame Janet Baker. Couldn't go wrong, you would almost say; and it didn't.And so EMI Classics has this wonderful CD to offer, at a most friendly price. I believe Penguin Guide showered it with rosettes, proof that you almost can't go wrong.As for the works under review, the concerto can be described most efficiently if I say it's 'sad'; and the song cycle Sea Pictures is just powerful.
no need for more versions: I have throughout the years been keeping on buying newer versions of many classical masterpieces, in the hope that I can find even better versions of the work concerned, as great music is " better than it can ever be played ". However, there is no need for Elgar's cello concerto because du Pre played it to perfection. There is absolutely no other way to play it as convinvingly or more importantly, as movingly as she did.
Read With Me DVD - too slow to respond: I purchased this for my 5 and 3 yr old daughters - it took some patience to set up, but finally we were ready to play. Unfortunately, when playing the games on it and you press the buttons to answer the questions, it takes A LONG time for the program to respond - my daughter was very agitated with the controller and the fact that it was just sitting there - then FINALLY after 25 seconds, it responded by saying "Correct" - way too much patience expected for a 5 yr old. Fisher Price told me that is just how it works - we are sending it back to them for a voucher for other FP products...
It never worked!!: Well I bought this for my nephew and I never could even get it to program. There is a recording that is supposed to guide you at one point but it never came on for me. I followed the instructions and looked at the troubleshooting but still no voice. I am going to contact the company tomorrow.
Scanner Rocks: Great scanner. Small footprint. It has jammed a couple of times but resets easily. Easy to use. Scanner rocks.
One of the most influential books of the 20th Century: What more can be said about this work which has the distinction of changing the way late 20th Century man thinks? (Well, at least the way JFK thought) All I can say that the book is as gripping as it is important. It should be on any educated person's mandatory reading list and it's a helluvalot more enjoyable than Paradise Lost or the Divine Comedy! Pick it up...no one brings history alive better than Tuchman.
Extraordinary!: Barbara Tuchman has added a perspective that will prove invaluable through time. This is one of the best books I have ever read.Not only is it essential reading if one wants to understand World War I and the geopolitical and military situation that influenced the remainder of the 20th Century; but is also a book that gives extraordinary perspective and life to the individuals who guided and influenced Germany, France, Britain and America during this pivotal moment in History.
Terrific Military History of the Start of WWI: I picked this book up after having read it decades before. The writing and analysis remains as crisp as when I first read it. I believe the strengths of the book are in the great amount of details provided about the military blunders that occured on both sides during the first month of WWI. Its really an always-topical cautionary tale of how egos, a reluctance to engage in diplomacy, all coupled with the fog of war, can play havoc with the best of plans. The weakness of the book is in getting a better sense of the German perspective other than with Tuchaman's occassion expressions on the essence of the German people. Tuchman does give equal play to the German strategy but she falls into far too much stereotype about the German "character". While she doesn't dwell on it, she seems all too comfortable in explaning German acts as part of the German belief that efficiency trumps humanity, as an example.
Strong anti-German bias: This book has excellent military analysis and I can see why it has many admirers. However, I purchased it in order to learn more about the origins of World War I and was profoundly disappointed. The analysis is quite limited and dominated by a heavy anti-German bias. Of course all works of history will show the author's bias to some degree, but parts of this book read like a melodrama, with Germany as the villain and Belgium as the hero.Studying the start of World War I gives us an opportunity to learn better ways of preventing future catastrophic wars. When the analysis of German war aims relies on "the hatred of a barbaric culture against anything civilized," that opportunity is lost.
a delight in every way: In the Puccini oeuvre Butterfly was not one of my favourite works - until I heard this version. Wow!! Callas is exceptional - drama, soaring vocals, a joy throughout. The rest of the cast is just as wonderful and for the first time I think I really got what Puccini was saying. Don't miss out on this. Just sensational.
Once again,Callas NOT a Puccini soprano!!!!: Callas is wonderful in Verdi (Macbeth),good in Bellini (La Sonnambula) but really awful in Puccini.Not a single Puccinian role that she has performed has satisfied me.From Tosca to La Boheme (her worst).Puccini is all about emotions and this demands beautiful voice not shouting.Yes, acting is important but overacting is not.Callas as Butterfly is one more proof of the above.The best Butterflies are De Los Angeles,Tebaldi,Scotto.Anyone of these three will surely satisfy everyone who wants to feel Puccini.
Leaky Lid: I returned it because the lid leaked and I spilled my coffee in my car twice!!! I do not recommend at all.
great size, quality.: i got this board to match my knife set. great quality, heavy, thick cutting board. i love it. nice well to collect juices. picture doesn't do it justice.
Thumbs up for Mommy's Helper: I was looking for something to keep my little one from sticking things in the electrical outlets. I was pleased to find this cheap package of outlet plugs. They are easy to insert and easy to remove. I will feel confident knowing that my little one won't be able to plug anything into the outlet with these neat little covers on them.
Nothing Special!: What can I say...nothing special about these outlet plugs. They are your basic, hard to take in and out plug. If your like me and have lots of outlets to cover and cant afford those expensive, fansy things, then these plugs are for you and they do the job just fine.
Best out there!: I have tried several that my daughter has easily removed. These are the ONLY ones that she can't remove! I even have a hard time getting these off if I want to use the outlet. Hands down best ones out there!
Great product!: I actually bought these to further seal my outlets after adding insulation behind them. These covers are well made and stay in the outlets pretty tight.
A Dracula who has dined on more than blood: Count Dracula's diet consisted of blood primarily drawn from the necks of lovely Universal starlets. Lon Chaney, Jr. had a more varied diet and, according to Gregory William Mank's "It's Alive" (a terrific book about the studio's Frankenstein series), the son of the legendary man of a thousand faces was also a heavy drinker. Chaney is certainly heavy in "Son of Dracula," looking more like a football player than the king of the undead, and his miscasting sinks an otherwise sturdy chiller. The right mood is maintained throughout but the lack of a convincing Count all but demolishes the effort. Bela Lugosi, where are you?
Excellent pot!: I've been using Le Creuset for years, and am lucky enough to live near one of their factory outlets or else I might not be able to feed my addiction to their cookware, but this roaster from DBK seems to be as well made as Le Creuset but at about half the price I would pay at their stores. I've used it several times now and don't find it lacking in any way. Excellent pot at a great price.
Surprisingly terrific: I own six books on men's style so far. The only other author to whom I gave 5 stars was Alan Flusser.This book is expertly organized. The information is clear, and it is all rather thorough. It takes you from being and idiot (which I was) to being quite well informed (which I'd like to think I now am.)If you are going to buy only one book on men's style, get this one! If you buy two, get this and _Style and the Man_.
Disappointing Collection of Useless Quotes from "Experts": This books contains the basic information on style and fashion, but it is more a collection of quotes from various "experts." If you know nothing about fashion, grooming, etc, this book would be useful. But if you want to go beyond matching your T-shirt and jeans, then you should read something by Alan Flusser. Overall I was disappointed.
UFO: this movie is kind a UFO... never seen in France (or very briefly), though Chevalier was French... the quality of the dvd is poor, but it's watchable. in fact, the movie suffers from a very bad cutting, directing.... suffers from everything: a good story spoiled. But Jayne is not overacting, which is an opportunity to see her "au naturel", not too bad an actresse at all! a few moments on the beach, in bikini, romancing with co star: she looks stunning! a pity the studios dropped her for so bad films.
Packaging/product claims are deceptive: I seem to be recording, but I can't hear any sound. The packaging was deceptive - "intuitive," "recording is a breeze," "easy software," "couldn't be easier." I thought this was for amateurs. I have Windows Vista. The booklet is minimally helpful and is seriously erroneous when it comes to what I should see on my computer screen and what buttons to press.Whomper, you can save your "copied and pasted" comments. I'm ignoring them. This product has some flaws and the company should work on them. Plain and simple.
It is not Mac compatible: I just got it with the illusion to transfer my vinyl and cassettes but in no one place said it is no compatible with Mac!!!! is the only one system that I haveXitel INport Deluxe [Record From Your Stereo to Your Computer]
something wrong: I hooked it up like the directions said and even tried a few other tricks. Nothing got it to work. Not sure if it was defective or not, just returned it. On the brighter side it was solidly built and had an excellent cable with it. Unknown why I couldn't get it to work
Works, but figuring it out might take an effort: Funny how even with instructions such a simple device can still be so confusing. Maybe it's because the cassette player I was using I purchased from a brontosaurus, but overall it did work well. With a more modern tape player, the whole process might have been easier. Nonetheless, mission accomplished with this product which actually came with much more in the box than expected, including a substantial length of good quality cable.If making it all happen hadn't been such a chore, I would have given this 5 stars.
Great product, especially if you're still running windows XP: I've been converting several hundred records and cassettes with this product. The software that comes with it works very well (but is for windows XP, 2000 or earlier). There is a an upgrade to windows 7 from the software provider for about $40, but I didn't need that as I still run XP on one computer. With the included software, you can only get wav files. This worked fine for me as I then loaded them into iTunes, converted to AAC (MPEG) files. I'm also amazed at how many songs on my old LPs and tapes get matched with iTunes Match (60-70%). Even those that don't sound really good, given the "declick" software that comes with the product. Best $12 I've spent at Amazon.
My Happy Book: When I first read this delightful book, I immediately reread it to experience the joy and wit again. The book is full of wit and whimsy, absurdity and truth. I've read the book several times, and every time it brings a smile and a chuckle. I've described it to co-workers as my happy book because reading it is truly a "feel-good" experience. It is a tongue-in-cheek fairy tale that can be enjoyed by readers of any age.
Weather info wrong, outside temp off, atomic clock not working: The very reason you buy this is to have atomic clock, outside temp, and weather info. It frequently tells me outside is raining when there is no rain in sight. Outside temp is inaccurate, and very slow to respond, Atomic clock show no signal. I have La Cross brand, it is much better.
AMAZING KNIFE: This is my first high quality kitchen knife, so I may be a little bias, but I think it's amazing. Beautiful construction, great feel in your hand, and a nice sharp blade edge on high quality steel. Now I need to save up for the rest of the set.
The non - cutting edge .p: Good to look at ,solid and comfortable to use but ,mediocre sharpness .I can put a razor edge on a five dollar Victorinx . Impossible with this particular Shun but easy with my Ken Onion Chef's model .
Ethical Living: This is a great introduction to ethical living. It is easy to read and very amusing. The information is simple and easy to understand (I think implementing it is the challenge!). If you've read other books on ethical living or magazines such as the ecologist, then this won't add anything new or shocking, but for those new to the subject I can't recommend it enough. Well worth a go.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
Wish I could give it -10 ( minus 10) No truth in advertising!: if you look at this ..it is 3D and appears to be faceted..be not decieved it is FLAT!This dissapointment would have been enough for me to score this low but the minus numbers arise because of the return policy....you have to jump through hoopes- slalum; climb everest; and oh.... in case you were thinking of sending the item back in a far superior package i.e. bubble envelope- because you threw out the rinky dinkey rubbish cardbord box that it came in... the joke is on you! So dumpster diving time!!!!What a shame! Never AGAIN!!!!
Wait a minute....: First.. I totally love this movie. Have for quite a long time.. and have been waiting patiently for it to be released on DVD.... only to discover that upon the release date Feb 21, 2006.... that Amazon has it listed as 'usually ships in 4-6 WEEKS?'Is that a misprint?
A complete travesty: DO NOT buy this if you are a fan of the original US version released in 1990. The cutting of lines/scenes really retracts from the movie and overall rushes the movie past key character development and plot emphasis. The original was funny, thoughtful and you really got the sense of the camaraderie between the characters and an understanding of why what they were doing was so important/dangerous/exciting.A damn shame really. Maybe in a couple of years they will release the 2-disk collection containing both the DVD version of the original and of this hacked-up tragedy as they did in the UK.
Abysmal: What do you call a comedy that has no laughs? "Erik the Viking" is the cinematic equivalant of a dead pigeon carcass. They cut 25 minutes from the film's original 104 minute running time to 79 minutes. Reviewers who have seen the original version call this one a butchery. As far as I'm concerned they can expurgate the other 79 minutes. Warts and toe jam have a greater purpose than this flick. Life is precious and I had to waste part of mine on this dross. Shockingly, this film was directed by a Python, Terry Jones. Maybe he should have enlisted Terry Gilliam, a man who knows how to protect his artistic vision i.e. "Brazil". I'll give those who've seen the uncut version the benefit of the doubt that it was a better picture but I'm not going to hold my breath waiting to see it.
Four Seasons: My son is 10 months and has been listening/watching Baby Genius since he was 2 months. He loves Mozart and Friends and Sleepytime so we were shocked when he cried when we put in Four Seasons. He will have nothing to do with it; maybe Vivaldi is a little intense for him right now.
3 slabs of freedom: This is a good example in that it's a bit longer than the similarly great SYR1 & more accessable than the way too long SYR4 which was too much for me [I crave weirdness but I haven't 'got' that 1 yet]. This functions as a sort of alternate extended version of side 4 of A THOUSAND LEAVES, Slaapkamers Met Slagroom [means Bedrooms w/ whipped cream in Dutch apparently] is the riffs from the Ineffable Me & Stil has a solo that is the tune of Snare, Girl. SMS is an outstanding funky jam & the last track Herinneringen features Kim's voice in abstract poetry & it's really quite enjoyable. It's a good, worthwhile record & nothing else really needs to be said.
Back to normal!: After the junk of SYR 1, Sonic Youth get back to normal with another excellent release.This one don't give the impression of being a near joke. In fact, it's the opposite because there is many pre-A Thousand Leaves ideas with better soundscapes and much better noise jams!Two "must" for any true fan of the band are the first two tracks. The last one don't really work to me, but it's quiet short and believe me you got enough good music (noise) after the first amazing two tracks! Great!
Kong the 8th wonder of the world: Electronic Kong arms: I did not like the service I got when I bougth this product, because I ordered one set of arms, and I end up with 3 sets, 2 from the same order, wich i returned, and I got credit for only one, and as far as buying more stuff from you guys, I would think twice before doing it.
Nothing close to designer style jewelry: I am extremely disappointed by this book, especially after having read raving reviews about it. This is a book for children or for someone who never beaded before. The first nineteen pages are about the basics, which are included in every single bead book. Then the book presents projects that only children would wear because they look so amateurish, naive, and infantile. I did not find a single project I would want to make or wear. There is no research in the choice of colors and the materials are cheap, made of wood, glass, paper, decorated with paint and put together with glue. There is only one simple crocheted gemstone project, which is unappealing and looks cheap. The only advantage of this book is clear pictures and explanations for each project, which unfortunately you would not even consider making anyway...I advise purchasing Margie Deeb books or Nancy Alden.
Maria Callas - what could possibly be wrong?: This seems to be a good quality recording and an excellent addition to any Opera fan's collection. I looked at the reviews from other people who have this set and was not disappointed in my selection.
So So: Sometimes it does' work and you have to reboot.Does not work with firefox.Does not work with anything but Internet Explorer.I like Microsofts a lot better but it wont work with 64 bit.Guess I'm stuck with this generic reader.I wished it work with Microsoft Money.
Software upgrades aren't free: This works great. Until a new version of Firefox comes out. Then you need a new Firefox extension to make the fingerprint reader work. Does UPEK provide this for free? Nope: they make you pay. So keep in mind that UPEK treats purchasers of this product as a continuing revenue stream.
More Mac Problems: The manufacturer published a new version of the Apple Mac software November 2, 2010 and it installs correctly and functions fine on the Intel based Macs running OS10.6 (Snow Leopard). Upon booting a custom menu pops up allowing you to login with a fingerprint swipe, a password, or both. The scanner recognizes my fingers first swipe every time. It's best to register more than one finger incase you get a cut and have to wear a bandage.
Easy to use and great security: I purchased the Eikon for my office as we really needed to take security seriously and not make security difficult. Eikon accomplished both. To log in, you simply swipe your finger. Logging off is just as easy. Now my staff will use security because it is easy and effortless. I was concerned that the recognition would be cumbersome and fickle. I was afraid the finger alignment would be very critical, but it has been unbelievably easy. The only glitch we had was with one lady who could not get the Eikon to register her finger. She then remembered she had run her fingers through her hair quite a bit and probably had hairspray on her fingers. She washed her hands and has not had a problem in the month since then.This is a real steal.
Insightful: I wish I had known this or learned about this in simple terms 24 years ago. This has been a life changing book for me. I hope my wife will read it now.
Not really worth it...: These don't really work for us. I don't know if we just aren't using them right. But if we want to wrap the cord up and still be able to pull the shades up or down, we have to redo them and undo them every time. Just not worth it. They also don't hold enough of the cord once the shades are up.
Falls apart when you touch it.: This is a horrible blind cord winder. I would give it 0 stars if possible. Every time I tried to open the blinds, it fell apart if I touched the cord wind up. Don't bother with these. Get the Kidco Blindwinder instead. It ratchets the cord up and is easy to open your window up while the Blindwinder is still on the cord.
Do I have to give a star..?: These things are complete junk and fall apart whenever you (or your child) touches them...which in turn causes a potential choking hazard for the young child. Save your money.
wind up: When I bought the product I was under the impression (mistakenly) that this somehow winds up and down (maybe with a spring or something). The product clears up any tangled cords by storing them in the little white container. However I found the term wind up (assuming it also winds down) misleading. It is almost impossible to 'wind down' or for that matter wind up without opening it and redoing the winding. As mentioned it does an ample job of getting some of the long cords out of the way.
I Beg Your Pardon: I am one of the contributors to this volume. I agree with Mr. Scott about the excellence of Mr. Krick's essay. Of course, Mr. Scott is a renowned historian and an acknowledged expert on R.E. Lee and his campaigns, so I guess I must apologize for putting him to sleep. My bad. I'll use shorter words next time.
Highest recommendation I can make!: I have became the biggest fan of Joan Sutherland lately, and I bought this set because of her. And I'm not diappointed at all. In fact, I'm elated. Not only do I get to hear THE DAME in wonderful voice, but got some lovely music and other charming singers as an added bonus. This cd has made me a Mozart fan. HIGHEST recommendation I can make!!!
A good recording, but the best ever?: Maybe hearing all the superlatives before actually hearing this recording made me expect too much, but I just can't see what all the fuss is about. Granted, the singing is quite good, but I've heard better portrayals of all the roles on other sets. I'm a huge Sutherland fan, and on this set I even found her lacking. I suspect I'll be lambasted for my heretical views, but I just don't think this is the greatest recording of Don Giovanni I've heard.
Mozart vision of Donna Anna: Sutherland at the very peak of her incredible powers as Donna Anna has to be heard to believe. A true dramatic coloratura soprano with the most clear beautiful tone I've ever heard. The conducting is perfect. And the rest of the cast is ideal.
Everything You Ever Wanted to Know. . .: about soft furnishings for doll houses. I ordered four books on this subject and returned three because this one covered everything. It's the only one you'll need. Drapes and curtains, bedding--bedspreads and quilts right down to mattresses, sheets and pillows. Doilies, clothes, bath mats, shower curtains, teensy accent pillows, carpets (oriental, braided, rag), even macrame plant hangers. The photographs of the items in room settings are lovely, and the patterns given are useful. My only complaint is that because the book was written and published in England, the needle sizes and yarns to be used for knitted and crocheted items are pure guesswork. A conversion chart should have been included for American sales. Regardless, it's truly a five star book.
Decent enough... but SPOILERS: Does just about every romance have to judge the heroine on whether or not she wants kids? Really? Can we have a book in which the heroine doesn't want children and not have it be some sort of MORAL test or a crippling fear. ("Poor girl, she doesn't know what she wants. We must show her what a True Woman is - a mother!")How about a heroine who knows what she wants and other characters who don't PRESSURE her into something else?
movie: i chose this rating cause i love this movie, it has lots of action. the movie came on time. thanks
Been looking for it: been wating forever for this movie to come out. This movie is what made me want to become a movie director.
Good reading: Although the movie was campy, this book remains (because of the wonderful abilities of imagination) current)Anybody who is interested in the BTVS world ought to start out here to get an inking of how Buffy got her calling and the whole background behind her birthright.Also unlike the movie, it theorizes what happens after Buffy saves the day. Even if it leaves out the fact that Buffy is supposed to have burned down the gym, how on earth she (post-revelation)went to Europe or her parents divorce, it is not as choppy as the movie version.Reading this book is not necessary, but strongly recomended to understand the slayer's world. It's also worth noting in this series that she lacks the all-important network of the slayerettes or expansive research outlets and her only helper is a drifter.
Callas, why are you ruining Bellini?: Bellini is beautiful. Why are you ruining his bel canto beauty by shouting and screaming and ignoring the lovely lines and coloratura.This is supposed to be your best role? I'll rather listen to Ethel Merman. Norma is bel canto, not belt canto.
Cat Toy: As excited as I was after reading other reviews, this toy disappointed me. It is not one that has caught the cats' attention at all. We've had it well over a month and they don't even "sniff" at it. Sorry...........
A wonderful book with a lesson!: All children should read this book to learn to be contented and grateful for what they have and not to believe that the grass is always greener on the other side. Simple but meaningful, realistic, and enjoyably lovable.
Down For The Count: I didn't like this book. The art is ugly, the story is stupid, and after I read it once, I donated it to our local thrift store, so they could throw it away.
Useful: Dr. Clarissa Pinkola Estes (cpe) has the gift of story-telling and this wise tale is about the cycles of life. For anybody that has ever "burned it to the ground" and found themselves waiting for the new green blades of grass to come again. Carve out a place for new growth in your life.
Cleaner Track list: I am just adding a track list that is easier to read:1. 3:56 (Can't Live Without Your) Love And Affection2. 4:23 I Can Hardly Wait3. 4:05 After The Rain4. 5:21 Tracy's Song & Only Time Will Tell5. 3:30 More Than Ever6. 4:27 (It's Just) Desire7. 4:41 Fill You Up8. 6:37 Interlude & Everywhere I Go9. 4:06 Bits And Pieces10. 4:20 Will You Love Me?
Uuhhh....: This Cd came into my way accidentally in a friend's house. It's glam in its worse performance, going from the cover artwork to the music itself. Well, there are people who like songs like "After the Rain", bu the question is: where is Nelson nowadays?
What NOT to read when you can't get pregnant: Suffering from the inability to get pregnant is a difficult and arduous journey. Reading this book was worse. Shame on Daniel Potter for trying to pass this off as helpful.Clearly all of your friends have written the good reviews. My advise to others is to look for books like " A FEW GOOD EGGS" ( Two chicks dish on overcoming the insanity of infertility) Now those women know how to be helpful!!!!!!
Do not purchase this item unless it's for a 7 year-old: The sizing is described incorrectly. A XL = a 6 in girl sizes.Also, Old Glory, the company this sweatshirt is sent from, refuses to change their sizing descriptions AND will not give you back your shipping money.The company is poorly managed and rude, and you will be disappointed with the product (since no one over the age of 8 can fit in it).If you like the sweatshirt, buy it from another website with PROPER SIZING and polite personnel.
Never buy from Horizon Fitness!: I bought a Horizon CST3.5 Treadmill in 2006. Now it's broken. Horizon Fitness contracted his customer support to another company. That company charged me $99 upfront just for someone coming to my house to look at it. Then the guy who should come gave such hard time to make an appointment. He almost want to come to my house next year. I spent more than half hour for just set up an appointment with him. My money is already gone. Otherwise, I would rather to buy a new one instead of suffering from this guy. Don't ever buy from this company again. Next could be you!
Love it!: I just can't recommend the Firm enough to people! As a long-time avid follower of the Firm, the workouts on this DVD were refreshingly different. The Mini Bursts add a fresh new element and raised my heart rate! While I did the two workouts on this DVD back to back, I can definitely see how doing just a 20 minute workout 3 days a week can help someone get into better shape. I wholeheartedly recommend this DVD for beginners and long-time Firmies!
A Cute Movie: I got this movie because Jamie Kennedy was in it and he didn't disappoint me. He gave a really good performance, along with Freddie Prinze Jr. It's a good movie, a little racy at times, but other than that, overall a fun movie!
The ultamite monster clash: Ive written many monster stuff on this site this my first video game review this was one of the best video game i have ever played 3 of the monsters are simaler to movie monsters buy this!
It works!!!: I was very skeptical that this would work, but it works great. You need at least two, One's the master the other you hook to the computer that you want to set up to the internet. I bought two, now I have Five.
Fantastic product: For some reason, wireless routers do not work in my home. I've tried several brands and none seem to really work. The Panasonic system does the trick. I can get Internet anywhere in my house now. I was thinking about running wires through the house, but with a couple adapters, there is no need.
The Freemasons: A History of the World's Most Powerful Secret Society: The book open my eyes more about this great organzation, that i glad to be a part of
Doesn't work well with XP: Initially it works well with XP until about the 3rd consecutive scan. After that is jams the scan cue and eventually will hang.My advice is to save your money if you have XP. Get a Hewlett Packard printer, which has a decent driver and an excellent user interface to merge files together into a single document. Then drag the files it into Adobe Acrobat. I have a lexmark X125, which has a very poorly designed user interface with very few options for scanning.
Disturbing and Difficult Read...: I was a dedicated fan of Celine Dion before I read this book. Although I will always remain a fan of her music, I no longer respect Celine and her husband Rene. Celine portrays herself as a lovesick, immature and all around helpless woman who cannot survive one minute without her ailing, 26 year older husband. This book really is a homage to her husband more than a book about her career. I am aghast that Celine's family practically sold her out to Rene when she was barely a teenager and did nothing to stop his seduction of her. Don't waste your time and money on this book.
Celine Dion My Story,My Dream: This is the best biography yet ever written on this very nice lady. You must buy it if you are a Celine fan.
Picture more elegant than product.: Picture has a much better presentation than the actual product. See it first before buying the watch. Hope it helps
JOIN THE 1-STAR CROWD: Same problem as the other 1-star reviewers - bought the 32XBR4 two years ago, set worked this Saturday morning, turned it off for the day, turned it back on in the evening - full screen of vertical pastel pinstripes covered the entire set. Spent an hour on-line with Sony rep, attempted various things to try to reset the screen, only to be told it was an internal problem with the set. Referred us to a repair company in Massachussetts - they asked for $99 "advance deposit" for the service call before they would even schedule a technician. We're still awaiting a call from the tech to schedule an appointment for an in-home service check. If the other reviews and pricing for repairs are accurate, we'll buy a new TV instead, and it probably won't be a Sony this time around!
Faulty Panel Assembly: I had this TV for 1 year and 10 months with no problems until a few days ago. My 32 inch XBR4 now is unviewable with colored vertical lines across the entire screen. I only used this TV about 4 to 5 hours a week at the most. I've done some research online and found that this is a fairly common problem with the Sony lcd sets sold in the latter half of 2007, however Sony will not acknowledge the issue. Most people experienced this problem just as their sets were reaching 2 years old. I've contacted Sony about the problem but was basically told that there was nothing they could do for me other than to refer me to a repair shop. The repair shop quoted me $800 to repair my $[...] TV. They said I needed a new panel assembly. I could buy a brand new XBR9 for less than $100 more! I guess my next LCD TV will be a Samsung.
Man, oh, Man! Heavy and God Inspiring Crunchfest!: This is my first Living Sacrifice album. Man, I had no idea about these guys. The first awesome thing is the recording quality! Excellent...very crisp and clear...extreme clarity! That is so important with heavy music like this. The guitarists, and especially the drummer are absolutely outstanding. They play melodic, groovy, and speedfreaky! All with no mistakes. And their amp tones are marvelous. One thing that sticks out the most is their blatant Christian lyrics, which is sort of hard to find in this style of Christian music. I really think that that takes 'gonads' and earns my highest respects. I'd have to put this album up there with Extol's 'Burial' as the best Christian Death Metal put out recently!
Sent wrong book twice, you keep sending me a short pamphlet of case studies instead of the actual textbook.: I ordered this textbook, but you sent me the wrong item. I informed you of this, and I was sent the wrong item again.Bill Hancockhancock25@comcast.net25 Cow Hill RdKillingworth, CT06419860-452-4142
musical emperor's new clothes: This is musical emperor's new clothes. Nice and streamlined playing has really nothing to do with great performance. I would much prefer listening to Vladimir Horowitz' last recording (1978) of the d-minor concerto. His playing is so full of drama and colors, each note is imbued with urgency and passion. Horowitz' performance, moreso than any other, brings out the fully romantic nature of this concerto. Andsnes seems to lack some basic knowledge: Music is more than nice sound, more than speed and power, more than communication. Music mirrors life itself. "If music be the food of love, play on"
indoor digital antenna: Purchased this product b/c of online reviews. Unit worked great until Christmas Day. As I adjusted antenna, the wire from the back just came out & now it does not work at all. Will try to return item & order a total different model.
It's good---NOT: This game has some of the worst graphics I have ever seen. There is NO plot, and gets really old, annoying and boring after a while. This is a one-time play beat too easy type of game. It not worth you hard earned time or money.
The quality of the songs is excellent...but a waste of money if you already have the collection of CD's: Look....dont be just another fool parted with their hard earned money.....if you already have the cd's....of all the music THE BEATLES released.....you're either a chump...or your bankroll exceeds your common sense....I love THE BEATLES...but am sick of all the same material being duplicated to death....just anoth marketing hoax to keep the bucks flowing in
Not Worth It for Me: I picked this book up on sale, thinking to use it as a supplement to Shelby Foote's 'The Civil War - a Narrative'. My plan was to spice up Foote's already excellent narrative by looking up quotes in the Oxford book from the personalities in the chapter I happened to be reading in the Foote book. In this way I would get more insight into these persons.But this idea didn't work out well. Often the general I was inspired to find out more about in Foote's book had either no quotations at all in the Quotation Dictionary or the quotations that were there offered little insight into the person who said it.On the other hand, there were many interesting quotes by Lincoln, but not enough to make up for my disappointment about generals' quotations.Just my two-cents worth.
You can get these performances minus the applause: To the best of my knowledge, Art Tatum only recorded "Three Little Words" once... it appears on THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS. I was excited to discover that he had apparently recorded it live as well, but having read previous reviews here, and noticing that the song titles mirrored those of THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS almost exactly, I decided to listen to the Real Audio extract of "Three Little Words" from this album. It is absolutely the same as performance as the one on THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS. Do yourself a favor -- buy THE STANDARD TRANSCRIPTIONS instead, and avoid the overdubbed applause.
If we could be with you one hour tonight ,live at the Club.: If one wanted proof that Art Tatum was the greatest (and I for one don't) this album would be Exhibit A. Tatum sits down at the keyboard before an enthusiastic audience at the Crescendo Club, and the excitement begins.From the first bars his genius is proclaimed. Song after song of creative improvisation flows from his fingertips. He is endlessly inventive in his unique melodic style,never repeating an idea or phrase from beginning to end.This recording illustrates that what was impossible for other pianists was effortless for Tatum,even in a live performance.Listening to masterpiece follow masterpiece, one has the impression that Art could continue improvising all night,weaving his polyphonic magic in a succession of brilliancies. My only complaint is that the date of the recording is not given.From the focused and comtemplative style, I would guess the early 50's.
Krait is Great!: I bought BOTH the Krait and the Deathadder and have used both for several weeks. I like the Krait better because it is lighter, smaller, easier to use with your fingertips (instead of resting your whole hand as on the Deathadder), and the mouse buttons are quicker and easier to click. Krait is a bit of a narrow mouse but is easy to adapt to. Some may like the "full-bodied" feel of the Deathadder which I can appreciate, as well. Love the super-high responsiveness of both mice and fast tracking that never faults. You cannot go wrong with either of these top-end mice.
Ok for lower elementary: My husband and I have been on the quest to find junior encyclopedias for our kids. We have K-4 in the house, and regular World Books are over their heads. We have tried several series so far, and this one is one of the better ones. I don't love it because I'm a conservative and I find too many pop icons and politically correct entries in there, but as an educator it's complete enough. Your kids can't look up just anything and find it, but the reading level is actually very good so it's possible for them to "read through" these encyclopedias (not that you'd force them to do that!).The picture quality is good, the length of entries are good for lower elementary. I just wish they covered all the basic artists, composers, explorers, historical figures, etc, a little better.
slow uninteresting read: I started this book on a long international flight and it was the only book I took with me or I'd have tossed it after 50 pages. It was difficult to read because the words didn't flow. A few times I couldn't even figure out what they were trying to say and had to reread a paragraph because of either typos or strange word choices. Around page 350 it finally caught my interest and the last 100 pages had some surprises and movement. But overall, it was a very slow read with little to hold my attention. The characters were uninteresting and not very likeable which didn't help.I normally pass my books on to friends but will trash this so no one else wastes their time finishing it in hopes that it will improve.
bad Spanish translation: I like the story in English, but I was disappointed to find that the Spanish version is not accurate and reads awkward. Too bad.
It just doesn't work: The recipes have severe errors that make the instructions confusing or utterly impossible. I just had to throw out yet another batch of cookie dough after following a recipe from this book. I have now tried seven different recipes from the book, and am ready to gift to someone I particularly dislike. Seriously, save your money, do not buy this book.
There are better books....: When I first purchase this book I was so excited tot ry many of the different recipes... but like many others I found them lacking. They never seemed to turn out like the ones displayed in the book, and I am an experienced baker! However I did discover a few new favorites in the book, after I tweaked the ingredients a little. I constantly get requests for my version of ANZAC biscuits (a cookie you can find in many other places!).
His recipes just don't work: This guy may be a feted author/chef/whatever but none of his recipes (the ones I have tried anyway) work. I have a couple of his books (cake and cookie) and I intend to chuck them out. I bake quite frequently and get it right 99% of the time including recipes from Martha Stewart, Susan Purdy, Doris Greenspan, Jim Foley...I can go on. Have never bothered writing a review before but everyone, please don't buy his books. And he sounds like a real prima donna.
A great book if you want to try something new: If you are looking for some different cookie recipes, this book is for you. This book is well put together in its presentation, with plenty of photos (its nice to know how your creations are susposed to look), easy to read recipes, and well organized. Are you looking for something different in refrigerator cookies, bar cookies, drop cookies? This book offers both the common recipes, as well as some that you haven't seen before. We especially like the poppy seed cookies. I would recommend this book to the cookie lovers out there.
Perfect Solution: High quality product. Thick plastic. Baby cannot slide the plastic cover over, but much easier for an adult to slide than trying to pull out those annoying plastic plug-in covers that then become a choking hazard.You don't need one of these on every single outlet, but if you have a place in your home where you will be plugging things in and out on a regular basis, this is great. My husband plugs in his laptop and works at the kitchen table - so we have one of these on the outlet by the table, which is a perfect example.
basically unusable: I wanted to love these outlet covers, so much so that I optimistically bought 20 of them, but I'm seriously disappointed with them. They are easy to install and look good, but because they have the sliding panel that moves in front of the outlet, it adds enough additional material that standard plugs can't reach all the way into the outlet. The plugs reach in partially, but the plastic slide pressuring against them causes them to pop right back out.
Great idea, but...: it didn't work in our outlets at all and I don't think there is anything so unusual about our outlets. The plate held the plug too far away to make contact so that it could draw current. Very safe, but not very useful. We gave up and went back to the little inserts. Oh well.
Interesting Account of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder: I like Justin Green's stuff. "Binky Brown Makes Up His Own Puberty Rites" is an excellent example of adolescent anguish. Also, I grew up Catholic just like the author. So I eagerly read this book. A big disappointment. This is not a story of adolescent anguish, or Catholic guilt, or rebelling against moral authority, or anything else one can identify with. It is an account of the progress of a psyvhiatric disorder. If the author were Jewish, or Bible Christian, or communist in his upbringing, the symbolism used would have been different. But still, this is an inner, medical disturbance, not an artistic struggle.Not a search for religious identity. Not something I can identify with.
puts the lessons of joyce into a modern context: Call It Sleep, the first novel of Henry Roth, is the book that must be be next in your life. To get pedantic about it, Call It Sleep is the logical (don't think about it -- logic has little to do with the visceral impact) outgrowth of the lessons of novel-craft as demonstrated in James Joyce's Ulysses (read Roth's later books, Mercy of a Rude Stream et al. to find out more). No literate person should neglect this striking work. It is another example (and perhaps the finest) of how the simple is the most complex; its story will find that part of you that needs to hear it most and you will never be sorry. Blah Blah -- THE AMERICAN NOVEL. READ IT AGAIN.
Not the book I expected.: I had high hopes for this book when I saw the writeup on Amazon. And was I disappointed. Gotta agree with the person who says this is opportunistic. It's basically a rehash of a dozen POTWs (Patient of the Week) and nothing new.If you want a better feel for how Dr. House might do it, check this book out. The first chapter reads like a House episodeHow Doctors Think
I bought this not as a toy: I used this product for 20 minutes, and it jammed.I did not want to force the frame, as it is plastic. I called the seller and returned the product the next day. It worked very well for 20 minutes. I did not realize the product was considered a toy.
Oh the HORROR: I had this book crammed down my throat when I was a sophomore in high school. It was by far my worst experience as a student - the material was far too abstract for that period of my development, and completely without any reference to my life. The entire time we spent on this was torture.Even today when I hear the name Stephen Vincent Benet I cringe in horror - some sort of literary post traumatic stress syndrome. I surely hope that high school teachers are not still inflicting this on their students.Perhaps it is a great work of literature - but it should NOT be required reading for high school sophomores!!! There is nothing in it that such a student can relate to.
great movie - tape quality abysmally bad: The people selling this VHS tape should be prosecuted for fraud. We could barely hear the dialogue due to a constant, loud, and annoying background hum. If it weren't such a hassle I'd try to get my money back. We'll never watch this tape again; not even a movie this great is worth the aggravation. I'm shocked that Amazon sold me this worthless product.
A W E S O M E ! ! ! !: You have got to choose this phone - I have had it for two years, and can easily say I will never switch!!!! It has NEVER given me a problem - The intercom feature is nice, and the speakerphone on the handset is the clearest around!!! A definate pick!!!
I'm glad I wasn't persuaded by the negative reviews.: I almost didn't buy this phone because of the negative reviews posted here. It sounded like there were too many problems with this model. My previous experiences with VTech were good, though, so I took a chance. I'm glad I did.This is a great phone. The sound is good in the both handset and speakerphone modes. The range is good all over my house and yard. I did have to read the instructions to figure out the menu, but it didn't take long. The intercom feature is very convenient.One warning, don't buy this phone if the only place you have for it is next to a microwave or computer. They DO interfere with the phone.We really like having this phone, and use it a lot.
good for storytime: I agree with the other positive reviews. I just wanted to add that I used this book with a preschool storytime, and I followed it up with a sort of reader's theater. Each child was assigned one of the animals in the book. I took a walk around the room and said, "I went walking." The children all replied, "What did you see?" I held up a card with a picture of the animal on it. They say, "I saw a _____ (black cat, etc.) looking at me!" and then the children assigned that animal got up and followed me on my walk. We continued on this way until we had all the animals in a line, and then we had quick animal parade around the library, making our animals' noises. It was a hit!
Cute Book for Kids...: My daughter loves to look at pictures of babies so she absolutely loved this book. The pictures are really cute and go with a color. Great introduction to colors for kids.
The real Bounty Killer album: The Mystery speaks to the difference between Bounty Killer and most of his dancehall peers. His ability to perform on slower reggae rhtyhms has been a signature of his work from earlier tracks such as "Seek God", "Action speaks louder than words" and "Splurt". This album combines such rootsy rhythms with eye opening lyrics displaying the non confrontaional side of the Killer. Outcry is by far one of the best Bounty Killer songs ever. My mother is not a dancehall fan and I would definitely play Pot of Gold for her next Mother's Day. Bakardi Slang, Restaurant and High Grade Forever are samples of what makes Bounty Killer the most consistent contemporary dancehall artiste. Overall, both volumes of the Ghetto Dictionary will be excellent additions to any collection and would be the prized possessions for dancehall fans a yard and broad.
DISAPPOINTING: I am very familiar with all these songs, having sung them myself while a student with Martial Singer. I think that her interpretation is better than many singers I've listened to, most of whom think they are singing Italian music. But I was really disappointed with her vocal technique. There are some really ugly sounds here, strangly juxtaposed, and as different one from the other as milk and vinaigre. Sometimes a really lush, large voice is evident; then, there is a tinny, harsh or whiney bit. It seems to me that, if you have a large voice, piano or forte are measured within your particular vocal diameter; and sounding strange for effect, if done too often, is just strange. Given the praise I've read of this singer, I was amazed.
A moving portrait of a remarkable man.: Elie Wiesel's life is a miracle. He not only survived the death camps as a child, but lived to become a witness who inspired thousands of other survivors to respond to the crippling effects of memories of the Holocaust by breaking their silence. He has written essays, plays, novels exploring the greatest horrors ever visited on human beings, and of their effects on the individuals involved. And he has been a tireless defender of the rights of humans in every corner of the world to live in dignity and free of brutal oppression. Those who want the remarkable experience of spending an intimate hour in the presence of this Nobel Prize winner should see this film, and should also spend time on the companion website at www.pbs.org.
Fine, aaaall you Readyyyy!: Muy buen trabajo techno-dance, como su éxito anterior "Lets go dancing". Causa furor en las Discotecas y Discplay's de Venezuela.
With this album The Ox proved he could stand on his own.: What a great CD. Pete Townshend could not have written such hard rocking songs that have such a weird since of humor. You can not go wrong with this. It is made even better by the inclusion of Entwistle's remake of Neil Young's Cinnamon Girl. THIS CD ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Julia Navarro rocks: This is a very well written book. It has all the elements to keep you interested from the first to the last page. The final it's very well articulated. In the line of Da Vinci Code this book is maybe even better. Navarro is a great writer and I hope to read more from her. Congratulations!. Highly recomendable.
Poor recording that never should have been made: Callas, in 1957, did not have the big voice to sing Turandot; in 1949, yes; in 1957, no! Schwarzkopf as Liù is unidiomatic. The tenor is inept. Only Serafin's conducting saves this set. Callas is no Turandot on this recording. Just listen to Nilsson, Turner, and Dimitrova. EMI should have gone to Austria to look for Gertrud Grob Prandl, a hochdrammatisch sopran who had the chops to really sing Turandot and who did so frequently in Italy.
Truly a Sample of the Best: Sizzla has too many good songs to fit all of his best songs on a double cd, but this album gives the best of Sizzla through his three phases: Sizzla busting onto the scene with tracks like "No White God" and "like Mountains", then Sizzla at his peak with tracks like "Kings of the Earth", "Azanido"... then the last few tracks on disc 2 are the best of this latest version of Sizzla that is out now - the man who we wonder if he sold out for house and car or money in a jar; bling bling man who forgot his message in "Kings of the Earth" and now want every woman on the planet, or the same old Sizzla. WE have to wait and see.Not denying the fact though, this is a must have double cd. His best singly released "album" so far.
THIS BOOK IS USELESS, BORING, AND INACCURATE!: The main problem with this book is that it doesn't provide much more information that a 50 cent star map would. The illustrations are hard to read and the text is inaccurate. It is almost impossible to use the information to find objects of interest in the sky. I counted fourteen instances where the text says an object is in one constellation, but the map shows it in another! The writing is so dry and monotinous it will put you to sleep. It is obvious very little attention or interest went into compiling this trash.
A Real Eye-Opener into doctor manipulation of birth process: I highly recommend this book to any woman preparing to give birth in a hospital. RUN, don't walk, to your nearest midwife and plan a home birth instead! This book, written by a female doctor, makes it clear that you will not have a very wonderful birth experience if you listen to the OB's tell you to 'trust me; everything will be fine'.
OS tgermometer: Would not recommend this produst . Could not get the outdoor remote to broadcast (connect) to the main unit. OS recommends lithium batteries ( $2 + each)that would be an expensive temp reading.
Poor quality...: I did all the steps as described and I don't even live in a harsh environment.... Broke again after 4 months. Poor choice on my part.
Works like it says. Tried before and liked it.: I have used this product (or similar product) before on a 1970's VW bug and it worked. It was for my rear defroster. I needed to fix my Subaru with the in-glass antenna and decided to give it a try. It works great and improved my radio reception phenomenally. The antenna had a few broken lines. It won't make it look like original or new, but it will make it function like before. A cheaper alternative than replacing the glass, which i will do if it ever needed it. It isn't as easy as painting it on and will take some effort on your part to make it look nice. A little patience, scotch tape will help, and a blow dryer.
No product-no sevice: Simple...Ordered and paid for the CD. CD did not turn up. Got my money back from Amazon. Company did not fufill our sales agreement. Don't buy from this company!
This is not a mount kit: This product (SM5346) is a steel mount with no rubber bushings, not the mount KIT for Ford Probe GT or any other car. Does not look anything like the picture. I think the correct part is SM 5308, but not sure. Amazon's parts finder says NO for 5308 and Yes for 5346. Had to return it.
Highway to Heaven-Season 2: I enjoyed this Season also, have the number one season, and enjoyed both. The product is good sound, good picture, no problem at all. Would recommend it to anyone who is looking for good family entertainment.
The Angel Returns: This film had a good plot, but the cast needed work and they have changed the fate of Mengele from reality.
Worst DVD transfer in my collection: First let me say that this 1-star rating is only for the DVD transfer quality----it's just terrible; everything else about the movie (story line, characters, scenes, suspense, acting, etc.) are great. To get an idea of how bad the DVD transfer is, imagine almost every scene out of focus; like uncontrolled watercoloring on a very porous canvas. It's that bad. If you are into the story, like I am, you can ignore this fault while viewing; but I'm certain it would be much more enjoyable watching it in bluray.
A chilling film, especially because it could have happened.: This is a truly chilling film because it is based on real life people, real life events, and real world technology. It could have possibly happened, which makes it really scary. The film is excellent and I'm glad to have it on DVD. I have no complaints about the DVD release. As far as I can see, it is the complete, un-cut film. I liked the movie when it was first released and it still stands up today.
Poorly constructed chest expander: The rubber tube is easily untouched from the fixture when you pull. This is because the ball inside both ends of the rubber tube is squeezed out of the tube.
great for it's price!: This bedding set is great.Honestly i thought that it was going to be bad quality because of the price but its really good quality,the colors don't fade and it's durable and cute!The only thing that upsets me is that it doesn't bring the dust ruffle or the diaper stacker and babys r us doesn't carry them so it's hard to find something that matches the set.But other than that its a great buy.
Dope.: It was real nice to see this nicely made film in the comfort of my own home and not in the basement of my crazy aunt's house on an old betamax player and black and white tv.
Not a great choice...: I found the book to be rather difficult to use. I felt that much more of the book could have been devoted to personality tests and relating them to your career. The tests that are included in the book are often shortened versions of what is available on the internet. If you are not very good at evaluating yourself this may be helpful, but I don't recommend it. The book plugs an on-line test at keirseycampbell.com repeatedly, even offering a discount coupon. I would say, just go straight to the website and take the tests there. They are much more comprehensive and take much less time.
not as good as GTA 3 , but it fun: this game is cool that first , i have this game on ps2 and i have a xbox . in this game you can go and beat someone to death it fun and cool at first . the mission ... you may have to do the mission over and over and over again this will happen lot. the soundtrack ... . you play in a mall , city hall and more . the people who will enjoy this the most are people who aren't allowed to go in to a store to buy it.
Rarely does this happen!: Rarely does a hugely epic rock band like Genesis have there lead singer quit, only to have that band release one of their greatest albums post the lead singers departure. A Trick of the Tail is nothing short of a masterpiece. The critics foolishly predicted the bands demise once Gabriel stepped out of the fold. This is an album that requires multiple listens, Its technical but still accsessible. Collins vocals are strong and quite gabriel like, This is definatly a progressive rock album closer to there original style of writing and playing. I will not go into detail over every song due to the fact that so many have already written about that. I will just say one more thing, I to prefer the Peter Gabriel era of Genesis, However, it would be unwise to dismiss all the great work the band put out after gabriel left, and this is a prime example of that point. Actually I prefer this album way more over Gabriels first solo album.
Great album ruined by poor transfer: I loved this album when it came out on LP in 1976. I owned an import copy on the Charisma label, and the sound was warm and solid. This remastered CD has horrible sound. Not 'bad', mind you, HORRIBLE! There is no bass, and the highs are exaggerstaed beyond belief, accentuating sibilance to the point of extreme irritation. DON'T BUY THIS CD! Try to find the older version.
i didn't know how good post gabriel stuff was!: talk to nearly anyone that's into early genesis and they'll tell you the The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway is the last good thing that they put out. however, they would be quite incorrect. yes, this album lacks the dynamic shifts between soft and hard that other genesis albums have, but this one contains some truly excellent songwriting. dance on a volcano is easily my favorite genesis song, and that's saying a LOT! phil collins drumming is probably at it's peak here.
All Your Worth by Tyagi et al.: This is a good book for providing a disciplined approach towardsaving for the future. The authors ask that we monitor net worthcarefully and discriminate between the "must haves" versus thosethings that are extravagant or "nice to have". Survival over thelong term is the key. Managing credit card debt is acondition precedent to savings. The authors warn against emotional spending , as opposed to shopping with a well-planned list.At some point, all savers must clean up credit for futurepurchases like homes or autos. In addition, the authors adviseus to obtain multiple quotes on mortgages.The book provides general reading on a whole host of personalplanning issues vital for anyone budgeting for the present andthe future. If you are a spendthrift, this book is a must read!It should be in every household where money is an issue.
Guilty Pleasure: J-Dramas are my guilty pleasure, and Hana Yori Dango is my absolute favorite. I actually liked the television show better than the Manga.The show is cute and predictable; a definite guilty pleasure. If you're a sucker for romance (and humor) than this is the right purchase for you!
This movie is intense, a must see for any James Woods fan!: When I first heard about this film, is when I saw the trailor,then I knew this movie was going to be good. It starts out with the main character, a 16 year old boy, robbing a Junior Colleges vending machines. He picks up a couple hundred bucks, in quarters. Just when he thinks he's got it all under control an insane security gaurd busts in. A brawl insues and the boy gets away, only after stabbing the gaurd in the chest with a screwdriver. He stumbles back to his friends, blood all over his shirt and jacket. He falls into the apartment where his girlfriend is also crashed. She screams and they hook up with James Woods character who is sort of a doctor. He fixes him up pretty well, only after injecting him with several needles full of heroine. The movie only gets crazier after that!Melanie Griffith is James Woods girl and they take the boy and his girlfriend on a road trip you'll never forget!
Come on now: Did I watch the same movie the other reviews watched? The acting was par, direction stunk. Was Woods supposed to be Schizo? The plot had "Drugstore Cowboy" written all over it, in fact, skip this and buy the other! You won't be dissapointed.
Gore: Apparently Clyde Phillips thinks gore is more important than good writing. I don't see how anyone would want to waste their time reading a book that starts out with someone getting their eyes gouged out with a spoon.
A great way to eat!: I've been hearing for years that I should eat more pulses and legumes, but I wasn't really sure what they were.Now that I have this book, they've become my favorite food group. The recipes are diverse, delicious, and easy to make. Out of 10 or so recipies we've tried so far, they're all winners that we'd make again. The favorites so far are the cassoulet and the bean and beer soup.I also now know where the expression "full of beans" comes from. Since eating from this book, I have a lot more energy. And I'm also losing weight (11 pounds so far and still counting), even though I'm not eating any less or exercising any more.All of our other cookbooks have gone into storage and this new one is getting worn out quickly!
even better than I remembered: I hadn't heard this record in about 15 years when I recently picked up the CD (Captain Oi version). What a great record! Total punk rock but with real R&R; roots. The band is so tight, the songs are great and Nicky Garratt's killing it on guitar. His favorite guitarist is Richie Blackmore and I just noticed how a lot Nicky's solos start off kinda like "Speed King" or "Highway Star" on this record. Killer! That's probably a turn off to some punks, but that's life.Check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
Absolut SkaRaiRapFunkRockSoul!: Had the great fortune to see them live in Montreal this summer uring the jazz fest. Live, they are a storm of rhythm and dance. Undoubtedly the best live act I've ever seen. If only more of us insular Americans could understand French! Zebda is "butter" in Algerian Arabic, a pun on the French slang for "Algerian immigre" ("beur"). Music with such soul and energy is indeed rare to find. Unlike other political bands, the music is in the driver's seat, the message comes after they take you on a good long ride. Lyrics about discrimination, street life, illegal immigrant existence. With the possible exception of Assassin, I can't think of another French act that has been able to achieve what Public Enemy did.
This was a pretty good movie: College student Jake Lo (Brandon Lee) stars in this good movie. He was a average college student until he became a important witness. The FBI has him under protection.This movie is awesome if you like martial arts and action. It is worth seeing.
not what I expected: These light bulbs came quickly and I was happy to put them in, but we have had problems with flickering (even after warmed up sometimes)and they DO NOT work on a dimmer switch.
Shakespeare meets Pulp Fiction: This is a really great interpretation of one of William Shakespear's most famous works. Set in current times it works better than you would think. The direction, production and music all gel to make a movie that is far more than the sum of its parts. I was put off initially because I'm not a fan of Di Caprio, but don't be you won't be disappointed. I think that this movies has one off the best start sequences I have seen. Buy it on DVD and get set up with a decent home cinema system and enjoy.
A Colorful Interpretation of the Classic Text: Let me start by saying that this movie is not for everyone. It's one of those movies that should be approached with an open mind, and you'll most likely either love or hate it. With that being said...I love this movie. I'm a huge fan of the original play, and I love the 1968 film adaptation of it as well. This version is different. It's interesting, modern, fun and colorful. Plus the music is fantastic. It's the revamp that the play deserves.
This is the best movie ever !!!!!: I loved this movie so much !! I watch it at least once a week. Leo is such a good actor ! He is so incredibly HOTT !!! This movie made me understand Shakespeare so much better ! And it also made me get into it more when you watch the movie and not just read it from the book ! Leo made the whole movie Awesome though ! ! I LOVE LEO !! END
Disgusting: Disliked:Tybalt pointing gun in the face of a childObscene gesturesGlamorized gun violenceRomeo taking drug Mercutio offered himJuliet shooting herself in the headGlamorized teen suicide
Laughably bad: I have nothing against modern adaptations of classics, but it is painfully obvious that the cast in R+J had no idea what they were saying, let alone what the story was actually about. Those who praise the film forget that the story itself is a masterpiece, and it's almost impossible to destroy the beauty of it. R+J comes close, though; bad acting and dizzying foolishness at its worst. Stick with the Olivia Hussey version.
One of The Best Movies Ever!: Romeo and Juliet, in my eyes, is possibly the best movies ever made. The thrilling plot captued me from the first second of the film. The story of the starcross'd lovers now has a deep place in my heart, as do Claire Danes and Leonardo Dicaprio. My friends and family, would call me obsessed with the film, it's just amazing. If you havent seen the movie, please watch it! I cant describe it with words, you just have to see it! But have a box of tissues to hand, and as I have discovered, dont try to warn Romeo not to drink the poison, HE CANT HEAR YOU!
romeo and juliet: I heard it was a great movie from a friend so i bought it. didn't like the way they spoke in the movie old english
You cannot be serious!: This is absoloutely dire. I've tried several times but can't get past the first 3 scenes. I'm glad I read the play before watching this or I would have been put off forever. To say it's a modern adaptation doesn't really describe it - it's more like a pantomime version with Montagues and Capulets not just as rival gangs but as owners of the town, with their respective names in lights on tall buildings. Its only insight is into the producer's self-aggrandisement. Yuk!
Leonardo SUCKS!: the whole film is absolutely ruined by the actors who can't act at all. It's a nice try of Luhrmann to combine the postmodern scenario with the Elizabethan language, and uses the images to replace the poetic sense, but the actors, almost none of them trained for a Shakespearean text, ruin the whole feeling of poetry within a world of violence thing. Esp Leonardo Dicaprio--he's like THE worst actor I have ever seen. I thought he looked stupid enough in Titanic,but his acting skill is just beyond imagination...
the gay romeo and juliet = a waste of time by !idee: reviewDuring the past week I saw the movie, Romeo and Juliet, directed by Baz Luhrmann and starting Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes.The story is based on the play written by Shakespeare but there are many differences.For on there are guns that are called swords in the movie which I find totally ridiculous. Another difference was the fact that it was set in modern times, which made the movie very hard to understandAlso I think that the actors and actresses were very flat. I think this is because of the setting and language doesn't really go together, and therefore it is really hard to get into the characters mind set.Over all I think that the movie wasn't very good at all and it is definitely a waste of money and time.
Huge Let Down: This rendition of Shakespear's masterpiece is a bitter failure. The dialogue was awkwardly American. De Caprio has no business as Romeo. He has the look but not the artistic elegance. Danes is simply not attractive, but at least some of her lines were done with style and emotion. So, what's the bottom line? This remake was a mistake. The 1968 version is pure magic. I know the film was catering to the MTV generation, but it simply did not work. In fact, it failed miserably.
Flashy , Loud, and Empty: As a music video its wonderful but as a story it just doesnt work. The characters are shown in such a bland way and you really cant feel anything for them. It has no heart or deph. You get the impression that the director cared more about the surface of the movie than about its soul. Dicaprio really cant act either, hes just very boring and sounds as if he is trying to act, like someone in a high school play. Claire Danes wasnt quite so bad but she still wasnt very good. Noone really showed any emotion. The best movie based on Shakespeares play is the 1968 version.
crummy quailty: I love this movie and was eagerly antcapting buying this so when I saw a large department store had it on sale at a good price i bought it. I got home only to discover the disc very scratched and the movie not playable without skips every few seconds. I took it back and tried to get another one and opened it in front of the clerk only to find another one in the same condtion. Fox please make your discs better, we deserve atleast a disc without scratches when we buy a movie. I have had problems with many fox discs being this way French Conneection, CAstaway, Mash Five star collection and die hard trilogy box set. People dont let fox take advanatge of you when you get a scratched disc return it and show fox that it will cost them in the long run...
Slipping-A Wild Ride!: Dean Koontz fans-check this out! Barri Bumgarner has created characters you can relate to, a story that pulls you in and carries you along (at a very fast pace), and surprises that were not the "you saw that coming" type! If you like to try to figure out what is going to happen next and are please when you don't-this is the book for you!
PS2 Glow Controller: I bought this for my daughter to use with her PS2-she loves it!She likes the color and the glowing light.It was brand new,shipped fast.I am very pleased with this purchase.
Very bad indeed!: this movie is not a good movie! Lifetime may, possibly, have less bathetic movies than this one! There is no genuine care displayed between the characters, it's a movie that comes off way too much as only that, just a movie, and a sappy one at that! It's like, I continue to watch the movie because you feel sympathy for Mira's and Val's characters but you constantly wonder why you're feeling sympathy because there is no depth to their characters, they're paper cut and far too Hollywoodish! I read one review that was commenting on Val's weird grin that he displayed through the whole movie, I concur, and it was very annoying! I thought to myself: just because this guy is blind why then, therefore, does he have to have a speech impediment? Is that really necessary? Was his weird speaking pattern and bizzare smirk really necessary? Indeed, both of these actors have played in much better movies than this! Yikes, stay away, this movie gives me a nauseating feeling!
Rather dissapointing.: Well I'd lie if I said other-wise. I like almost all of the Val Kilmer movies except this one. It sort of dragged, and wern't very happy durring the whole thing. It's a drama I know, but I guess I was dissapionted. It was dark and gloomy, and always raining. Of course that was a big part of the story but I hate drissles. I wont go so far as to say it was disgustingly boring, but it was close. Too close, so do what-ever, just don't say I didn't warn ya.
Second worst movie I ever saw!: It goes on and on and on. First he has an idiotic smile on his face so we'll know how happy and well adjusted he is. Then this film slips into soft-core porn. The pacing is off by about two-thirds (WAY too slow to hold my interest) and then they bring in a so-called therapist who is insulting and completely inappropriate and keeps saying, "Just kidding!" These are usually very good actors, but don't waste your time even if you're a fan of Dr. Sacks work. You'll be disappointed AND bored.
one of the worst movie ever made: this film was an absolute complete waste of my time. Val Kilmer acted out pure disrespect for the blind. there was no research into how a blind man would act given the circumstances. the story line of the film was a complete disaster and so was the romance (if there was any.)
Nice Slides From Amazon: I'll start out by saying that I've read a lot of reviews on these slides. Everybody complaining about the packaging! I think the packaging is just fine! I bought the slides not the way their packaged. The slides are high quality and very nice to use. I'm satisfied and think their a quality product!!
Great deal!: These slides were exactly what I wanted, and much cheaper than the ones at my school's bookstore. They also shipped very quickly.
Hearth & Garden Standard Round Table Cover: Totally unacceptable product. The elastic band used to keep the cover in place became non-elastic in less than 2 months. Now the cover can be blown off by light breezes making it totally useless for the purpose intended. A waste of money.
"Pictures" redefined.: For me, this is the *definitive* recording of Mussorgsky's Pictures at an Exhibition for orchestra. It is such a daringly different approach to a work that is so often given a cookie-cutter treatment. There is so much subtle detail, and many of the tempos are slower than expected, revealing textures in Ravel's orchestration that I never noticed before. A+++.
Pictures Good; Romeo Is So Slow, He Needs Help For E.D.: I must be getting old. I have come to love this Romeo performance /// Previous review: The Mussorgsky Pictures is given a very inflected and dramatic performance. But poor Romeo is so slow in some passages, he needs that stuff you see advertised on TV with middle-aged guys on motorcycles, and lots of flowing water.
Berlioz!: Oh Ms. Smithson, you crazy fox!! This is a great work, I must admit when I first heard this I was like... 'what?...' then I read the liner notes on the movements and then I was like... WOW!, solid performance on my opinion but there are several to choose from... enjoy!
Better than that "biggest loser chick": Im selling most of my other workouts!I swear!Jari`s workouts are all you need.I recently purchased Ripped 1000 and liked it so much that I bought this one.I`ll be using them both weekly.I was`nt this sore doing P90X.I feel confident that these dvd`s will help me reach that ripped look that I`ve been trying so hard to get.
Amazing price and phenomenal cutting: For the price and the amount of scissors you get this is a no brainer. The quality is exceptional and the grip is comfortable for most of the scissors. The one's that fit my hands worst was the 2nd to smallest. The rest of them were fine, I have med-large hands.
A "Best Of" No-No: Consolidating the accomplishments of one of the greatest bands in rock 'n' roll history onto one CD is criminal. Rhino Records does a great job with their "Complete Greatest Hits," etc., but this collection is incomplete, misrepresentative, and poorly arranged. Songs like "Doolin' Dalton" make the cut, but "In the City" (which, for some reason, was not on the second Greatest Hits collection) is again overlooked. Admittedly, the Eagles have had some strange collections ("After the Thrill is Gone" being included on the second Greatest Hits despite its 1975 release). So, because my review has been as helter-skelter as the arrangement of tunes on this CD, I will leave you with the recommendation of buying the individual albums or Greatest Hits collections.
Fine performance: Sir Colin Davis plays it pretty straightforward here and there's nothing wrong with that. Complaining that this doesn't compare to Dohnanyi, Szell, Mackeras, etc. is redundant. Let those performances stand on their merits, judge this recording by its own merits which are considerable. The LSO playing is excellent throughout, a bit brisk at times but never rushed. Altogether this is a very sympathetic reading, a treat for Dvorak fans.If you already have a favorite cherished version of Dvorak's seventh, it's unlikely that any new version will sway you. But if you're building your classical library or are not happy with the version you currently have, this is recommended. I have no issue at all with the fact that there's no filler, just the one symphony. It's a powerful work and makes an engaging listen on its own.
All in all a good read.: The main problem I had with this book is Julie. She was definitely not the sharpest tack in the box if after 8 years of marriage she hadn't figured out what hubby was like! She was also way too obsessed with her appearance.I loved Mac & the scenes of him in drag were a scream!
GREAT STORY: This audio cassette was wonderful. The story was very good and the interaction between the characters was so funny that I found myself laughing alone. Try it, you won't be sorry!
Just a excellent movie: This movie had to be the best love story I have seen in a long time. Its not so much a love story though, its kind of hard to explain. I think sean connery and catherine zeta jones were at their best. I mean it is so neat how they have these well thought out plans. Its a little sad at the end, but its a good ending and unexpected also.
Dreadful: The only reason to see this movie is to admire Catherine Zeta-Jones' immense talent, and I'm not talking about her acting here. Otherwise, the plot is just too farfetched and the story develops much too slowly to create any real interest in it. I kept hitting the 'time remaining' button on my VCR to see how much longer I had to endure that farce.
Bad movie, hot girl.: The only redeeming qualities of this movie is Catherine Zeta Jones' stunning face/body and some nice scenery. The scenes of the heist in Kuala Lampur as well as the Scottish castle scenes had some incredibly picturesque backgrounds. However, the plot is convoluted to the point where the "tense" moments lack suspense because the viewer is too confused to figure out what is going on. The director attempts to bombard the audience with plot twists but there are too many twists and turns that don't really seem to make any sense. The age difference between Connery and Jones detracts from the believability of their romance. If you're looking for a movie about a heist, go with Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo in the Thomas Crown Affair.
Watch It Only For Connery: Entrapment is too mediocre to be enjoyed. Connery is it's only saving grace. The plot is weak, the action is subdued, and Zeta Jones has no acting ability. Ving Rhames makes a few scenes good, but Will Patton is miscast. This film has nothing that makes other caper films good. No suspense, no style, and no plot seriously hurt this film. If you want a better heist film, watch The Hot Rock.
Guess who?: Easy to read. How do you guess who the right person is in this story? I kept changing my mind.
It dragggggged: This could have been interesting, but it just dragged on and on. The parts of the story that could have been excitig---the sailing race and huge storm, were told in snippets or not really at all. The main characters were flat and kind of dull stereotypes. The drunken father they supported and lied for despite the fact that he pretty much tried to ruin their lives and had a tendency to try and get the men they love killed was way too over the top.The ending was predictable and tied up too quickly. Perhaps the author could have spent more on the "before" and the ending instead of stretching the middle in such a long boring manner. This was NOT a mystery/suspense, but rather a romance with "secrets" told in a very predictable manner. There were some inconsistencies that made it hard to appreciate where the story was going, and the poor editing was distracting.
What was I thinking??: I picked this up because it was suggested to me from Amazon. I do not know why. This is not at all my type of book. I like a romance the caliber of Nicholas Sparks ok, but this was just way too "simple". Some of the actions by the characters were, well, very out of character. Shallow characters and an expected plot. I have forced myself to finish it, but will think twice before ordering a book, simply because "others have read"...
Geeeez...can't make myself finish it!: I read all kinds of things - and read a lot. This is one of the few books I'm not even going to finish. The editing errors, problems with punctuation and continuity are distracting...and it's an easy book to get distracted from because it's just not believable. It reads like an amateur's work. I don't get how this has gotten such good reviews - I bought on the spur of the moment because of an Amazon suggestion (via Kindle).
Bad characterization and very stilted dialog: This is the first book I am reading of this author. The writing felt very amateurish and I really cant believe that this book has such high ratings here. I wish I could get my money back!
Excellent book with lots of methods: This is an excellent numerical methods book ,covering many techniques especially the polynomials which are not used much by practising engineers today , but who knows,may find applications in odd places.Prof Hildebrand easily builds up so that one can understand the steps from a first course in Calculus...Glad that Dover has reprinted this classic book.
The real deal!: This tape is not only a must for all students of Shorin Ryu Seibukan, but any Karate student. For practitioners of Seibukan, it is an excellent reference source of the Kata. For other martial artists it is an awe inspiring example of the "real deal". Although I have only be a student of Seibukan for a few years, I started learning martial arts in 1972. It is rare to see Karate of this caliber, and I have been fortunate to attend one of Zenpo Shimabukuro's seminars and receive corrections of these Kata first hand. A very good tape.
Don't Buy This Book!: This book is lacking in substance. The text only contains 14 pages of information -all of it so superficial that it is of no substantive value. The remaining 60 pages consist of 3 appendices that are nothing more than sample condominium declarations, rules and bylaws. This, the lion's share of the book, is given without any guidance definition or analysis. This book reads like it was written in one afternoon and it probably was. To add to the this insult, the construction of the book is in keeping with the lack of serious content. It appears to have been made on a plain paper copier with 8.5X 11" paper bound only by two staples.
phlegmatic and didactic: I'm a big fan of Celibidache's live recordings from the 1960's with the Italian orchestras from rome and milan, etc. but what we have in these late EMI releases that I've heard is possibly an example of ideology clouding judgement. Particularly in Tchaikovsky where rhythm and color are essential aspects of the Russian melos, this approach just won't wash. Anyone familiar with Russian style from the early conductors, Golavanov, Dubrowen, or pianists like Rachmaninoff, whose lineage to Tchaikovsky cannot be seriously questioned, will likely find this performance of the Tchaikovsky 5th deeply unsatisfying. It is not only phlegmatic and colorless, but sounds like the conducting of a provincial kapellmeister. The concept that music must be slow enough to hear all the elements is theoretically true, but this is positively sclerotic. Sorry. For modern versions, try Mravinsky naturally, and Horenstein if you can find it.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PERSON!!!: I was very disappointed when I went to play this DVD and realized it was a bootleg. The quality is horrible and the picture size of the film only shows up as a 12 by 12 square on your screen. Not quite sure how people get away selling these, because it is completely illegal and they should be prosecuted. Do Not Buy movies from them. ! A complete waste of money!
Lousy rip-off of the first.: Save your money. But if you do want to see it, see how amazed you are by the violence. Garbage.
Hi: Greatest book ever I loved it!!!!!!!!!!! READ THIS BOOK OR ELSE!!!!!!!!!! It was absolutely amazing so awesome and cool and wonderful
Awesome book: This book was awesome and I wonder if max and fang will go out in the next book!!!!!!! ! So excited to find out!!!!!!!!!!!!
Angel: Several people have written that they feel the book is unfinished. It is the third in the line of books about Max and the other flying "kids". The first one is called: "When the wind blows" and the second is called "The lake house". Read them they are good...... And there might be more to come!
Really Good Book!: Loved this Book I'm a first time reader of James Patterson and i absolutely love this book I will get the second!
Not a whole book: The book bounces around terribly at times. I understand following characters as they split up, but spending ten paragraphs with one character and another dozen with a second group then transitioning to an equal amount of time with yet a 3rd is very difficult for me as a reader. It's simply hard to get into the stories this way. The absolute worst part of the book is that it's only half there. I know the sequel is out now, but I simply don't feel like it's appropriate to award the author for simply splitting a story for what appears to be nothing more than a chance to reach into my wallet a second time.
Loved it!!: First of all I'm a Sunday at Tiffany's, Nicholas Sparks, Twilight kind of girl. I got this book cause it was a freebie and it helps me branch out and find new things I like when I don't have anything to read. From page one of this book I was hooked. It is very fast paced , you can't put it down. It's a root for the under dog kind of book. It's just creepy enough to make it very suspenseful but not really gory or graphic. There isn't really any lauguage or anything vulgar in it which is a rare find this day and age. I would happily let my 11 or 7 yr olds read this. I think it ios very entertaining. I read this book in one day during my daughter's nap.
Disappointed: I was very disappointed in this product. I was looking for a CD version of Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment to use in my classroom. Unfortunately, it is nearly impossible to find your place in the book and the chapters are not in order.
Simplistic and completely predictable: Though I enjoyed "When the Wind Blows", the first book to introduce the winged children, Maximum Ride is a complete let-down. A very simple plot with so many predictable moments, I literally skimmed through the whole thing during my son's orthodontic appointment! James Patterson usually writes much better - I was disappointed.
Disappointment: Patterson fans expecting his usual enthralling work will be disappointed. This is NOT a sequel to The Lake House. Max in this book is not Max from the other bird children books. If you think you're going to read about Max and her babies, you're completely wrong. This book is also written from the point of view of a very young teen. While young adult books can be entertaining, unless that's what you're expecting to be reading you will be disappointed.
Absolutly insulting...: After a yaer of many different friends saying that I should read this book, I felt ,as a 13 year old, I should read it. After the read, I was insulted. The authoer of this book, James Patterson, who really is an adult level author attempted to write books for younger children or young adult. But he sure blew it. It was very clean and edited. It felt as though I were a 5 year old reading this book. Also, it was incredibly unrealistic, to violent, and to dumb. This is a book that can NEVER be made into a movie, and if it was made into one, i and several other friends would not go. Although the author was simply trying to do something different, I give him the credit of at least trying it. I mean, it was not great, not good, below ok, but not bad. So my grade stands, but if you are a teenager, do not read.
Save your money for something else: This book is one of the worst I have ever read. Although it seems well structured and covers many materials, the overall content just overwhelms the undergraduate student will many details and forces them to lose the whole point. The bottomline: buy it if you're a professor and knows the materials. But don't buy it if you ever want to learn vibrations extremely extremely well. I have to go search for another text to understand really what is going on. Better off without it....other than using it as a hw problem book.
my grand son favorite movie: I brought this for my grandson, when he comes to visit he watches it over and over again, so in his eyes great movie, I liked the price I paid for it.
cheaper: you can find them at autozone for $8 each. its too expensive here. qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq qqq
A must-have for Titans fans: What can I say? Lots of Pérez art, lots of information, lots of behind-the-stage information about various Titans series throughout the years. Recommended for all fans.I'm eagerly waiting for Volume 2!!
Not so good.........: If you have nothing better to watch then you might be able to justify your time spent on this one. Both main actors are rather young and haven't fully developed their acting skills at this point. Actually, Patty Duke (Rita's mother) gave the best performance. It's OK - but........
worth waiting for....: I was looking for inexpensive patio chair covers that were a nuetral color and not made of cheap vinyl, these fit the bill and they look great on my deck. They were on backorder and I am glad I waited for them. In fact my mom likes them so much she is going to purchase them, too. Not sure how well they will hold up and how good they will look after a a few summers and winters, but it was worth the investment to protect my chair cushions. Now I can stop pulling them in and out of the garage and leave on the deck where they belong.
"Cue the Short Gangster!": It's important in watching this movie to ignore the fact that Danny DiVito plays a gangster. ...Any gangster, whether a real one or a Hollywood gangster, would double-over with laughter were they to see a fellow gangster not just as *short* as Danny DiVito but as comically-built as Danny DiVito.There's a scene where Danny DiVito roughs up a nightclub owner -- twice his size. ... Is this what's meant by the audience "suspending its belief"?Danny DiVito is about as scary as a gangster as my Aunt Tillie is wearing a Dracula mask.As for the movie, Danny and Company take a decidedly sympathetic attitude toward Jimmy Hoffa. Never mind the sort of fellow James R. was: HE HAD POWER! ... And he was fairly short.What more could our boy Danny want in a hero?
PROTECT YOUR NECK 4 this is SIGNS OF THE COMING CHRIST!: THIS IS A URGE FOR THE (...)P. FUNK AT IT'S BEST!CATCHING KNOTSMADESELF-INFLICTED2005 written by Michael "Sufi Sun Star Ali" KidPfunk KidMajic LoveTO DO or DIE IS MAJESTICbutAT LEAST YOU SAY YOU'RE SORRY!TO DO or DIE IS MAJESTICWHEN IT COMES TO THE P. FUNK!"CATCHING KNOT'S MADE SELF-INFLICTED"IS NOT A PROVEN METHODIN BECOMING UNRAVELEDIN THE CLEAR MESSAGEIN WHICH WAS INTENDEDTO BE RECEIVED.TO DO or DIE IS MAJESTICBUT ONLY FIRST AFTERTHE STUDY OF BIBLE PROPHECY.SUCH HAS BEEN ALLINTENDED FOR THIS LAST GENERATIONTO RECIEVE.PREPARE FOR ST. MICHAEL & JESUSIN THE FIRST RESURRECTION& JESUS'S RETURNIN THE SECOND RESURRECTIONWHICH APPEARSTO BE VERY SOON!"CATCHING KNOT'S MADE SELF-INFLICTED"IS NOT A PROVEN METHODIN BECOMING UNRAVELEDIN THE CLEAR MESSAGEIN WHICH WAS INTENDEDTO BE RECEIVED.TO DO or DIE IS MAJESTICbutAT LEAST YOU SAY YOU'RE SORRY!TO DO or DIE IS MAJESTICWHEN IT COMES TO THE P. FUNK!
Rock for the new millenium: A stunning release by America's greatest undiscovered songwriter (remember Barbara Keith? she's back) and her primal rock trio. This band defines American rock for the new millenuim . These are songs that are rooted in the rock-country-punk tradition, wonderful stories set against the marrow-hardening smack of the Coyote's timeless sound. It's no wonder Elmore Leonard was awe-struck.
h7605 chuck: Money would be better spent on a chuck with full grip jaws. This chuck threw ever piece I put in it. It was a hazard on my lathe. I have disposed of it, and ordered a chuck that i hope will hold parts well enough to turn them.
High Entertainment Value: I read this book many years ago and recall being hugely amused by it and its numerous stereotypes. In fact, I gave it to a sociology PhD candidate studying Chinese culture for a good laugh. I regret parting with it because it is quite a unique artifact, being quite comprehensive in its stereotypes of various Asian nationalities. Nevertheless, I can see the value of the book for those completely unfamiliar with Asian culture and desperately grasping for some way to categorize what seems to be inexplicable behavior, since the first response to unfamiliarity is to attempt to build categories to group and generalize. As such, I might recommend it, but only with the caveat that its contents should not be taken as authoritative.
An absolute must for doing business in Asia: I lived and worked in Asia for over 8 years. Fortunately, I read it years ago while still there. I found this an invaluable aid. Ms. Chu does a remarkable job in explaining the subtle differences between the various cultures to the Western mind. I wrote this today because once again, I have recommended it to a work group that has interest in Asia. It is timeless.
Tracey Thorn: This is Tracy Thorns best production yet, with several outstanding tracks. I hope she keeps it going!
Sublime: This one took me several listens over a long period to appreciate. But patience paid off and I find it to be a very well crafted record with just the right amount of mix of brooding and sparkle. Tracy has one of the warmest voices in pop music and she hits her mark on "Out of the Woods". If you are a fan of EBTG, you'll will most likely enjoy this recording - - if you don't upon first listen, give it time.
Very Underated, Hard to find, Yet so good: I thought this movie was one of the best works of cinema I've ever seen. Danny Devito shines in his serious yet humerous role. Gary Senise is the creepy kidnapping bad guy and Resse Wittherspoon is so adorable as Karen, Jack's love interest. I felt so bad for Dylan when Jack put him down by the dogs, I was blown away by this toddlers performance. The plot was good lots of twists and turns, yet totally beliavable. This movie took ever thing you look for in a movie and put in one convient package.
Best Ever: Castle Endura is the best automotive lubricant ever created by mankind. I am not kidding. It sprays on as a liquid and and solidifies into something the consistency chicken grease after 15 minutes or so. It wicks around surfaces to places that are had to reach, then solidifies stays in place and does a great job lubricating.In addition to basic moving parts lubrication, it is really good at blocking or preventing rust. If you have a pickup and find the bottom seam on the tailgate rusting, spray Endura on, let it solidify, and then let road dirt accumulate in it. The result is a watertight seal the completely stops rust. It is also really good in doors and tailgates, where you can spray it in drop holes and it coats the inside, slowing rust.Highly recommended!
Magnetic Board Review: This is an excellent educational tool for teaching you little one letters and spelling. The edge of this board and the letters are made of wood and the letters are painted with bright colors. But I have 2 problems with this toy. First of all, the letters got scratch mark real easy. My kid plays around with those letters for a little while and they're like worn already !The second problem is small pieces of wooden might peel off from the side of the board which I think it might stick into the hands of the kid, be cautious!!
Fascinating story: This story is absolutely captivating. The author is a man who is unable to communicate except for his ability to blink one eye. The entire book was dictated in this manner after having suffered a stroke. I read this book from the mindset of a health professional and I found it to be very helpful for empathizing with the patient. It is important to remember that just because a patient cannot speak, does not mean that they are not fully in their mind. I think this book would be a fascinating and useful read for both health professionals and lay persons.
Slip of a memoir: Gorgeously written, quiet memoir. Beautiful observations of life pre and post-a,cident. Cant help but wonder how the author is now.
A terrifically well-scored movie: I loved this movie from the opening scenes all the way to the closing credits. Although I'm a big fan of both Williams and Cusack, the soundtrack was what really made the movie for me. Trevor Horne and Hans Zimmer did a tremendous job on this.
AVOID at all costs: I saw this in the theatre when it first came out and really regretted it. I wish I could have that hour and a half of my life back. Even Robin Williams couldn't save this dog of a movie. I sat there thinking, I have no reason to care about any of these characters. This movie earns the rare distinction of being a movie I didn't walk out on, but really wish I had. As I write this, it's been 18 years and I still remember what a stinker this movie was. Save yourself. Run for the nearest exit immediately.
great book: This book is a must read for anyone wants to understand the history of independent living and the Disability Rights Movement! Well worth the read.
Very short life: I bought this phone about a year ago and it was fine for the first six months. It has been dying in the middle of calls lately and it finally just died for good the other day. It is not the battery - I replaced it. It is just a low quality phone.
This is not Country Music's 500 greatest!: If you want to include the following records in a list of Country Music's 500 greatest singles:Atlantic city by Bruce SpringsteenHonky Tonk Women by the Rolling StonesQueen of Hearts by Juice Newtonand various other songs listed by Bing Crosby, the Monkees,Los Lobos,Merilee Rush and other "pop" singers, then this is the book for you. Otherwise I don't think the authors have a clue about "real country music". Texas musicians and records are virtually non-existant in this book and the authors like to "sound" politically correct on every review (who cares if a Jimmie Rodgers song was racist?).This book is full of "fake" country records and the reviews are weak. There is a book called "The Stories behind Country Music's all time greatest 100 records" by Ace Collins, it is all this book fails to be. Try out Ace's book if you want a good book on Country music singles. Skip this fluff.
Where's the movie?: You want a good tone-poem, buy a recording of Smetana's "Ma Vlast" - Zubin Mehta and the Israel Philharmonic do a great job on this piece. But this piece is really quite...well, lame. The whole piece (with the possible exception of the choral finale), sounds as though it is trying to line up with a bad version of "Braveheart." McCartney, although an amazingly good performer and one of the century's best songwriters, simply cannot hold his own in the Classical field. As Stravinsky once put it, classical music "is a different fraternity." And it is one in which McCartney does not cut it. If you like cliched movie music, then by all means buy this album, and you will like it. But I just do not feel that this piece has any meat that listeners can sink their teeth into.
great buy: The colors i got were not bad at all. I got a blue print that isn't too ostentatious. The top is a little too big for me and the bottoms are a little too high cut for my taste, but I just fold them over. For sizing, I am about a size 3/4 in womens and the small fits pretty decently.
wallstreet: This movie was not very good. The movie was slow, boring and the plot was not a good one. Better luck next time guys, need to burn this one.
God-Awful: Utterly, absolutely inept. No film ever made is as completely awful as this one. A laughable, by-the-numbers script, containing cliche after cliche, and silly atrocious dialogue that strains for cleverness and depth but sounds like misheard Ed Wood quotations.Bad performances from actors who don't know any better (Charlie Sheen, Michael Douglas). Sad performances from fine actors who seem to be rather embarassed about their participation in this trash (Martin Sheen, Hal Holbrook, Terence Stamp).Another lousy flick from Oliver Stone. Avoid it. Unless you want some nasty laughs at the expense of the poor people involved, a la Showgirls.
surprised: I have to say that I was a bit surprised at the content of this movie. It should be sold as a porn product!
Just Waking Up: I should have listened to the other reviews, which were highly critical of this product. The price was attractive to me, and so was the product description. But do not be fooled; there is a good reason as to why a queen size air mattress is so cheap. First let us start with the fact that it is not really a queen size. After inflating it now three times, it has yet to achieve a queen size. Next, the bed sends you directly to the middle while you sleep. I believe that this is because it is loosing air all night, since it is quite airless by the morning. Now, I will grant that I have been sleeping on it with my wife (as a temp bed while we are moving), but shouldn't a queen fit two easily? It claims to have a 400lb max, with our combined weight being well under 300lb. Regardless, our backs ache now at 8:37am. I cannot imagine getting our money back, and we need a bed anyway. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK...
66703 Airbed: I was very plased with this inflatable bed. It was easy to inflate anddeflate. The sheets I had on hand fit perfectly.
Why so expensive??: Why is this movie soo expensive? It is a very good movie but NO movie is worth $96.00!Is this a misprint?
folks with tom selleck: this is one of the funniest movies ever. i laughed hysterically through the whole thing. the worst things got for the main character (tom selleck), the funnier it was!!
Amazon and Grandma Save Christmas . . .: . . . for one very happy 6-yr. old grandson. I really did search everywhere for this X-box version -- not the 360 one -- of the Stars Wars II: The Original Trilogy. As it turned out, my grandson did get a copy of this game from his Mom and Dad, but it was for an X-box 360 so it didn't work in his older model. When he opened the box he was THRILLED and immediately popped it in the game set to play. He really didn't see anything else -- except for his extending light saber, which was another save-the-day gift from Amazon and one of Amazon's other vendors. Thanks Amazon, for making an extraordinary effort to get these items to me before Christmas. You made a little boy very happy -- and a grandma too!P.S. By the time I left for home, my grandson had reached level 6. Isn't he great!
vhs used people: i already have done this but here i go againthe item i purchased said it was in excellent condition and therefore i paid more thanother selectionsthe item was received but the audio was horrible i have purchased many items from Amazon and havebeen very satisfied this was the first one that i was not - very disappointed with Amazon not taking ownershipand fixing the problem still to this date have not heard from the subsender regarding the problemwhat do i do now
Science Fiction Sex: Star Quest II didn't have much of a good dialogue or plot, in fact, it was mostly erotica in space. If you want to see erotica, stripping, and sex scenes, this is the movie for you. If you want plot, and dialogue, see another movie. This movie was a waste of time.
be warned: The pen went together fine with a little assistance and looks nice. HOWEVER, 3 weeks after receiving it, I received a call on my cell phone asking about my experience and asking me to give it a good review. This was very disturbing because I really don’t like being bothered like this since I am a frequent amazon buyer, plus there is no way they could have my cell number unless amazon gave it to them. Then today, I got an email also asking for a review. So here’s the review and a warning to anyone else who buys this item.
One Man's Justice: A good looking film, but not enough action. Brian Bosworth is good, and he deserves to be a bigger star. If you want to see his best film (5 stars), watch 'Stone Cold'. That film may well be considered his Citizen Kane.
Okay CD but not as good as I'd expected: I had heard so much hype about Fantasia that I expected her CD to be better than this. Contrary to reports she is not and never will be another Whitney Houston.
Dreadful: Just dreadful. didn't even make it home and I was dissapointed. I ended up playing my Clay CD instead.
Fantasia Burrino: I can't believe that anybody would think her voice is good. I think she needs voice lessons, and then she will be listenable.Her intonation is horrible. Any singer with experience knows that you need to have pure, round sounds instead of a closed, cartoon sound.
PURE, UNADULTERATED **** !!!: HOW WOULD I AND MANY OTHERS I KNOW DESCRIBE FANTASIA'S VOICE? UMMMMMM? LET ME SEE?? BABYISH, GRATING, NAILS DOWN A BLACKBOARD, SREECHING, NASALLY, JUST TO NAME A FEW. GOD KNOWS HOW SHE GOT SO FAR, OH I KNOW !! RANDY JACKSON, THAT'S WHO & HOW, WITHOUT HIM SHE CERTAINLY WOULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN INTO THE TOP 32 LET ALONE THE TOP 2. LATOYA WAS FAR BETTER, MAYBE JENNIFER HUDSON, AND THE WAY DIANA DIGARMO SINGS "I BELIEVE" IS OUT OF THIS WORLD. FANTASIA ISN'T EVEN IN D/D's LEAGUE. FANTASIA WILL HOPEFULLY ONLY BE A ONE HIT WONDER AND WE WON'T HAVE TO LISTEN TO HER DRIVEL ANYMORE.
Well.......: All i have to say is...Fantasia first single is summertime and diana's single dont cry out loud is completly destroying fantasia's single in the charts...Fantasia's next single is chain of fools....Diana's is dreams...looks like 2 of 3 diana's singles r gonna beat fantasia's
Different: I can't say I liked this at all. The songs all have the same sound although different titles. I was disapointed. Maybe the next run for hew will be better.
Enough already!: Another season, another set of losers from American Idol. Proving further how far down the tubes the American taste factor has dropped.
Bland and boring: This single has 3 songs. The first, I Believe, is a bland, boring collection of cliches about striving for your dreams. Probably meant to be inspirational, it falls far short, especially since the poor ennunciation makes it very hard to understand many of the words. Summertime is good, but a little over the top and too theatrical. For an awesome version of Summertime, listen instead to Renee Olstead's. Now That is how Summertime should sound. Chain of Fools is not bad but falls far short of the original. Overall, I would say save your money.
Try Again: This machine keeps trying to pop out pop stars and is really failing miserably. First you have the Yelly Clarkson who turns every word into five. Then you have Ruben Snoredard. He's not street and he unsuccessfully tried to put hip hop elements in his "muzak" and that is totally ridiculous and laughable. Although Clay Aiken comes close to being the better of the three, he over enunciates and oversings like crazy!Now comes Fantasia. When she's not screeching up a storm, she is yelling. She doesn't connect with the lyrics because she barely sings them. Instead she explodes in a mess of "yeah yeah yeahs". She also has this weird cartoony vibe to her vocals. They are nasal and adenoidal. Though she has plenty of energy on stage, her voice simply doesn't cut it.
Don't like her!: I do not like Fantasia at all! Diana is such a better singer! Fantasia sounds like Mickey/Minnie Mouse! Her I believe is so horrible, while Diana's is so good! If you like I believe, just go listen to Diana, your ears will thank you. But I do have say that she did sing summertime very well during the show.
ugh...: something is seriously wrong here. Fantasia Barrino has tallent, there is no doubt about that, but her single is just awful. On the show she was flawless, however her single is just one wrong note after another. Fantasia, you can't squeak your way into having a great single, don't waste your money on this.
Wow: Right when I listened to her I believe song I though of a cat getting sucked up by a vacuum cleaner, its just terrible!
GROSSLY OVERRATED...: I'm sorry, I listened to my demo copy fronted to me by the label, and no. I cannot see it. The voice gets to you...and not in a good way. Some of her phrasing bothered me as well.I was determined to give this an open-minded review...and I'm doing just that. Sorry, it didn't cut it for me. Way too much hype and not enough substance. Definitely a thumbs down.
A music fan from Long Island NY: A Fantastic CD..... Fantasia put her heart and soul into this CD and it has all paid off. Listening to her sing brought tears to my eyes and proved to me that great things will come in the future from Miss Fantasia
AW GIRL~I can't get enough of you!!!!!: I have missed hearing her sing live since the ending of American Idol so much.It was the first season of it that I watched since Im not into generic commercialized music.But fantasia-Oh my God-Fantasia is a devastatingly talented young woman.Her voice transcends time.She could sing a country song,rock or blues song or gospel and you would LOVE it!She can wail,get funky and slow it down and sing it soft or go wild and make you jump up singing and dancing along with her doing the "BoBo"LOL.I seriously would pay big bucks to hear this girl singing live.Im not kidding-I literally have to catch my breath when I hear her sing I believe and it isnt that great of a song!Its cheesy but SHE can make ANYTHING sound good.Im waiting for her to come out with her own stuff.Till then I guess this CD will have to do.FANTASIA I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
diana may have screamed on part of a song but...: fantasia, well she just totally WHINES...get over it she can only do two types of music where as diana can do anything at least...i would take screaming on a verse over whining on just about everything...she thinks she about fifteen years older than she really is and needs to get over herself...at least diana was humble...!
A True Talent In The Making: After winning American Idol in 2004, it became apparent that Fantasia was bound for success. This single cd, though only three tracks in length, is just a glimmer of the true talent that is to come from Fantasia.The powerful, moving "I Believe", the funky "Chainb of FoolS", and the light, calm "Summertime" all showcase a slwaless star who is bound for much success and greatness in her years to come.
Simply AMAZING!!!!: I am not kidding - I rec'd this CD today and haven't stop listening to it! It has been over 5 hours and I having it on continuous play and still enjoying it.I can not believe how well this turn out (or should I say YES I CAN) - Fantasia is absolutely GREAT! Phenomenal is a better word - "I Believe" is just touching and makes you want to cry. "Summetime" is bluesy and just enjoyable. "Chain of Fools" is also off the chain! You go Fantasia! See will definitely be apart of my collection!
Not Worth The Money: I am an Idol fan so I thought that I would give this cd a chance since they usually produce good music, but I was horribly disappointed. Her voice is just so shrill. It doesn't sound like singing, more like shrieking. Chain of Fools is just so repetitious with all the yeah, yeah, yeahs and Summertime is just boring, having heard it over and over on Idol. Her version of I Believe is very uninspiring, too much screeching to really understand the song. I was very disappointed with this being an Idol winners cd, I definitely do not think it was worth the money.
I find her voice annoying: I found her voice annoying on American Idol and I find her voice annoying on this (I listened to it in a friends car). Her voice would get so annoying after only a couple of minutes if you hadn't enjoyed her on American Idol and already formed an opinion of her.
awfully bad!: There is no suspense, Amanda quick-ly lets us know who the murderer is. Beyond that, the book is padded and padded and padded with extraneous info. I would rate it "I hate it," but the sex scenes are more true-to-life than most.
Ehhh: Oldie but goodie. Very interesting movie plot doesn't come up too often. Nothing like seeing actors that are awesome now starting up. Don cheadle was great in this!
Tommy Lee's had better: These 2 movies came out within months of each other and after watching Dante's Peak and I couldn't help but feeling disappointed by this one. Although it does have some great visual effects I couldn't get past all of the yelling. All I can say is did they have to kill the dog couldn't they have left that part out?
Better sound quality...: We bought this phone after my wife insisted that our standard Uniden 900 Mhz sound quality wasn't good enough, so we opted for the digital spread spectrum model. It's definitely an upgrade. We have the 9980 model, which has an excellent digital answering machine and one line. The battery in the phone itself is a bit weak (If you forget to hang it up it dies). My favorite factor with all of the Uniden models is that they have a very tactile feel. When you push a button, you know it, no mush. It's the only brand on the market that seems to have that feel -- sort of the way nothing used to feel like an IBM keyboard, if you know what I mean. It's also a comfortable and lightweight phone, not too small like many phones nowadays (who wants a teensy phone that has a microphone two inches from your mouth?).All in all, I like it plenty, and it's also the top-rated cordless brand in Consumer Reports.Enjoy!
An OK phone... but, be aware....: The short and the sweet.The NiCad battery is indeed a problem, expect to replace it after 6 months, as the handset will only run for 40 or so minutes then... Say, (...) at (...) for a new battery.The speaker phone function is fine, but not for business use. Friends, family, yes.At the price, an OK deal. But not a steal.Beware of 900 Mhz interference, this phone killed (via interference) my GE 900 Mhz headset phone, so if you wish (or have) another 900 Mhz phone at home, you should be carefull.
Just plain terrible: After listening to the tracks online, I've come to a very similar conclusion as the rest of the reviewers below: Jessica Simpson is a no-talent failure. America, please stop rewarding such nonsense and support REAL artists.
terrible.: most of the songs are pretty bad, the lyrics are cheesy. "i belong to me, i don't belong to you..." uhh please? she might have potential but she really needs to get her own style, she just does what is popular and sells at the moment.I recommend Christina Aguilera, Back to Basics. she's a true artist.
THE WORST!: Dont spend your money on this! The whole CD is horrible! Jessica has gone wayyy down hill with her music.
Always a Fan...But NOT impressed this time!: I could do without this new CD. I just dont like this new style she is trying to go with. This album is nothing compared to Nick's. I wouldnt waste your money unfortunately on this one.
"And the Band Played On" should be pulled from the shelves...: This is a horrible CD; most of the songs are extremely cliche and breathily sang. It seems that Jessica Simpson just can't evolve and grow as an artist. Instead, she's stuck in the mold of producers telling her what to do to get sales. It's rare to find a real talent in the music industry that is not a fabrication (Christina Aguilera), and Jessica Simpson certianly is not one of those. In my option, her music career should be over as of now.
This CD is disappointing: In my opinion, this CD is very disappointing. It was like, because Nick put one out, she wanted to hurry and get one out too or something. At least that's what it sounds like. Her stuff when she was with Nick was much better. It has been a couple years since her last CD so I was expecting more. I listened to it the first time I got it and I hate that she is like a cover artist. I mean even her last CD she did a remake of "Take My Breath Away" by Berlin. It appears that she (or her song writers for that matter) cannot come up with anything original for her so she just sings other people's stuff. I was a huge Jessica Simpson fan, but this CD makes me think different.
Jessica try again!!!: it is time for Jessica to sing songs that fits a woman. This bubblegum type of music is just horrendous. The lyrics are the ones of a teenage girl. Sorry but this cd is a big disapointment. If you want something meaningful, you better run away from this one. I heard that she is dating John Mayer now. If it is so, than you should seek help from him for your next record.
Want to laugh...then listen to this album: A hysterical attempt at a publicity rushed album that is a total joke. Don't waste your money....wait for a few weeks, it'll be available in the $0.99 bin at wal-mart.
exquisite, must have schubert / alban berg quartett: with the alban berg quartett/schubert string quartets nos. 10 & 14/emi and the alban berg quartett/brahms piano quintet & 1 movement fron dvorak piano quintet cds, this represents glory manifest. almost as powerful is the alban berg quartett/dvorak string quartets opp. 51,105. >>>these are recordings of classical music as secure in their place in cultural history as a diego velasquez painting or a major architectural work such as the statue of liberty in nyc harbor. blessings from geniuses of worth in music. they sit near the top of classical music and await melody pleasure-seekers. >>>thank you to santa fe listener for cogent, well-reasoned reviews that bring these treasures to public light. history lives in both the cds and in the reviews that raise their profiles. schubert / brahms / dvorak - giants of chamber music excellence. the alban berg quartett is superb and sparkles. do not deny yourself these nutritious treats!
Fast shipping, item in good shape: Item arrived quickly and seems to be in great shape! I would deffinately purchase from this sellar again in the future.
Product didn't work: This is one of my favorite movies, but the DVD has a bad sector and can not be played on a dvd player or computer. This is the problem with buying online. It is a hassle to return or get your money back on shotty products. Oh, well, next time I go to a store. Thanks.
great: I seen this Movie when it first came out and its one of the few movies I dont mind watching again.
factory seconds/tastes great though!: These suckers taste GREAT... but after opening the wrappers, the 'last inch' is nothing but a thin sheet of candy like it was a bubble with nothing on the inside but air. Also, some other suckers have had the top inch cut off accidentally. I could tell this company (which sold it to me), got them at a reduced price because we only get about 3/4 of a sucker and there are 24 suckers in each box.I love the taste of these suckers so in the past I've bought boxes from other companies and have never had this happen before. (as far as the product being under weight)
SPEED 2: LACK OF CONTROL !: Guy, this is baaaaaaaaddd....I wonder how Bullock accepted this sequence (you will say: money. But there are other ways to getting it for a great actress like her, DIrector Jan dropped the ball, and probably sepulted this "series" forever. (althoug the public has a short memory!) Horrible. Dafoe, a great actor, also surprised me, accepting the role of a hijacker. Bá!
Stupid in a funny way ? No: This movie is so awful, it's almost not worth reviewing. The last half of the movie is lit in a flickering irritating red light, which makes it completely unwatchable. No doubt was this movie intended for teens only. But the bad guy here is really MTV, having done more damage to the movie-industry than anyone or anything else.
BAD: I loved the first Speed. I gave Speed ****1/2. But then I rented Speed 2 and I was so disappointed. I love Sandra Bullock espesially in the character of Angela Benett. The Angela in the first Speed. The character plain leads to a whiny know-it-all character. Sandra dows the best she can but the character will be never more. Also, Jason Patrick's character is plain horrible. He doesn't have the right stuff that Keanu had in the first movie. The villian is plain stupid. He didn't have the right stuff that the villian in the first movie had. Oh, I wish that Speed 2 would have some kind of connection to the first movie than just Sandra. I also found the movie being very boring. The movie wasn't as fast-paced as the first movie and you didn't wish that they would all be ok like in the first one. The special-effects were ok but the ending was so disappointing like all the other stuff in this lame and over packed sequel. I plain give this poor movie *.
this is exactly what is wrong with hollywood today!!: As a fan of the original, I have to say this is the WORST seqeul ever. This is a prime example of hollywood's ... promotion and marketing of a highly succussful film, 20th century Fox should have known better, No wonder Keanu Reeves passed, if you can't make a good seqeul, don't make one at all!! Sandra Bullock looks bored, you will be bored!!
One of the worst movies ever!: Why, oh why weren't Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet on this ship? It would have struck that tanker near the end, gone down and mercifully spared us from "Speed 2" and its gosh-awful acting, plot and execution. Sandra Bullock, who specializes as America's favorite girl-next-door actress, reprises her role as an unwitting hostage, this time aboard a cruise ship hijacked by Willem Dafoe(whose a horrible actor). Jason Patric is great, as usual, but he can't save this garbage. All in all this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Not that bad as they all say: I found that this movie was not as bas as you read all the time. All right, it won't enter the AFI's 100 list any time, like ....ever, but it's great to look at, and if you can stand some silly lines (during the opening scene for exemple), it will reward you with the final crash, which I really liked, also because because it was so long.Give it at least a try.
Speed 2 -Cruise Control: Definitely avoidable. Sheer waste of time. The acting is very average and tze storytelling is very weak. Even Sandra Bullock has given an oridinary performance.If you want waste money, then rent it.
Impressive!: This movie, although not perfect, is pretty close! Speed came near the brink of perfection, and Speed 2 took a step back, even though it was just a baby step. Sandra Bullock reprises her role, and does so fantastically, though Keanu Reeves isn't there this time, and Jason Patric is filling his shoes this time around. He does so acceptably, and although he's not terrific, he's not unbearably painful to watch either.The action scenes make up for the loss of Keanu Reeves, and William DaFue also makes a nice villain, with his evil eyes and tone of voice. Bullock seems to have a better grip on things this time, as she is definitely more helpful this time around, elbowing criminal's in the face and sawing through doors instead of having a criminal strap bombs to her chest. In my opinion, although it's clear that nothing can beat the first Speed, Speed 2 still gives us some pretty good entertainment, despite its very minor flaws.
Dead on Arrival: This is the second time I've had a Uniden phone. The first one lasted just a few months. I should have known better; this one was dead on arrival. After charging for 24 hours, the handset worked, but the speaker never worked. Given the nuisance of returning defective consumer electronics, I'll stick with Panasonic in the future.
Brilliant!: This is one of my favourite movies. Like other reviewers, I have been keenly awaiting this DVD release. This powerful gangster movie is brilliantly filmed and acted with Gabriel Byrne and John Turturro putting in the performances of their respective careers. The movie builds suspense and contains snappy dialogue and great one-liners. Enjoy!
The haunting sound track , and the hats: This is one of my favorite movies, not least because of the haunting score that plays during the opening credits and recurs throughout. I'm surprised no one else has mentioned this.The movie was filmed in New Orleans--I was there during its filming, and streets were constantly being blocked off--but I'd say it's intended to be New York or Boston. Note the Irish tenor of the gangs and the police chief.I don't know what the symbolism of the hats is. Does anyone?
Classic Movie: Clearly we are not here to provide an opinion/review of the movie Miller's Crossing (although it is one of my favorites and I believe everyone should see it). The blu-ray format for this movie was on par with the rest of the transitions. Unfortunately, movies that weren't filmed for blu-ray always seem to appear fuzzy to me. This one is a classic for me so I may not have noticed the grainy image, but I was very satisfied with my purchase.
What a dissapointment: I bought this DVD based on the recommendations in Amazon and the actors - I typically enjoy Gabriel Byrne films (Defence of the Realm is superb) and Albert Finney is a favourite.I watched the film and fell asleep (admittedly I was tired). The next evening I took another look. What a dissapointment. Quite simply this film didn't do it. Byrne was totally emotionless - took some severe beatings without so much a showing a scratch. Predictable film. Just lacking. Period.One to rent from Blockbuster, not to buy.
Okay, but buy a tube of super glue with it.: This watch is really cool because it is not something that I have seen in the stores, however, the character sliders are not tight enough to clip to the watch cover. They will slide on and just keep falling off. I just asked my son what his favorite one was and super glued it to the top so that he could use it. Looks and works great now. Not sure what I am going to do once he wants to change the character to the McQueen or Ramone sliders.
The title song is the best: I bought this cd because when I heard the title song in a new age bookshop, I thought it was one of the most beautiful songs I'd ever heard. I agree with the other reviewers, her voice is not great, but the music absolutely is. Still, she has improved greatly. I had heard her before and didn't care for her voice. This is the first time I liked something she's done enough to buy it.
An assault on nature: I know virtually nothing about Sarah Brightman and have only heard one track on this record. That listening has left me so apopletic, however, that I am moved to submit this rant. Why-oh-why did Brightman feel the need to cover Naturaleza Muerta by Spanish pop genuises Mecano. Singing over a nearly identical arrangment to the original, she attempts to give the song an identical reading. Since she's not apparantly fluent in Spanish, her ham-handed (tongued?) pronunciation wreaks havoc with this fragily beautiful melody. For heaven's sakes, if you're going to cover something, and you aren't constrained by the requirements of pleasing a Vegas lounge audience, do something with it -- interpret it.
Enchanting!: I'm not exactly sure why the opera purists are in a fit over this CD. Brightman herself never referred to this work as an entirely operatic piece, but rather a mixture of opera, pop and other musical stylings.When I've had a less than perfect day, I come home and put on this CD. It melts away any problems of the day as if there were a pair of hands massaging your shoulders.Her others works are as equally brilliant, and having had a chance to see her in concert I can say that the voice is as beautiful in reality as it is on the CD.Pick up the CD today, you won't be disappointed.
Pop music lovers STAY AWAY!: I have one word for you OPERA, OPERA, OPERA! She consistantly sounds far away like someone trapped in a bottle in the bathroom down the hall. Opera afficionados don't like this album because it's too POP, but let me tell you, if you like POP and hate most all Opera, like me, this IS Opera with a capital O. I discovered Sarah Brightman when I heard songs from her DIVE album played on Canadian airwaves. If you like POP or New Age like Enya, DIVE is the best Sarah Brightman album I've heard.
Simply the converter: Before this cd was recomended to me, I enjoyed the likes of Elton John, Whitney, Mariha, Presley, people like that. Too many to mention. Maybe i'm easy pleased, i don't know. But if I am, then i'm in the majority. Opera was taboo, but not now. This cd is a wake eup call for me, and I have spread the wealth and been thanked. If, as many critics say, this woman is weak, then what a treat awaits me because I love this album, and can't wait to be subject to more of the same, if not better . The duets are just incredible, I love Cura, Bocelli, and have invested in thier albums and videos already. But Brightman does it for me. Boy does she have a set of lungs on her. She has a great voice, and I am in the process of buying everything she has ever done. I urge all to give this album a go. It will alter your taste in music forever. If I was Siskel And Ebert, I would give it two very enthuasiastic thumbs up. Buy Buy Buy.
Time to say goodbye: I love every song on this CD, especially the "Time to Say Goodbye"with Andre Bocelli! I go to sleep with it on every night!!Wonderful...
How to shake depresion: I have a bit of sadness in me at times. While driving home tonight to my shangrila in the Wyoming mountains (a 35 mile drive) I inserted this disk in my receiver and listened to Sarah's beautiful voice (and Bocheli's pretty good too). By the time I got home, no more depression.
I never get tired of Sara!: This is one of my favorite CD'S Sara Brightman. Her voice soars! It remains one that is played over and over again.
Hour of the gate: I previously purchased this item from another bookstore as paper back when the book was originally written. I love this particular series by Foster more than any of the other series is written since. The spell singer series is a strange combination of fantasy and science and has always fascinated me. It's been over 40 years since the first novel was written in this series and it spells still grabs me in.
Powerful. Works great: I purchased this dremel to widen my iphone dock so that it would fit the iphone 3GS. I know what you're thinking- just get a new dock. I am tired of being raped by apple so I saw this on YouTube and figured "Why not give it a shot". The dremel was able to shave the dock easily and with minimal effort. I was surprised how precise this instrument is. Once the grinded areas was sanded you could hardly tell there was any work done at all. For about ten dollars more than the dock cost, I now have a really cool tool with many practical uses. Get the corded one above and not the cordless as the power difference is huge and who needs to mess with the batteries.
Not my favorite in the series: As with the previous book I found this one very hard to get into. I guess as Betsy got older she lost a lot of her appeal for me. While I cherish the ones when they were in their elementary years. I found this one a real bore. It took me a week to get through it and that was forcing myself.The character Betsy for me was kind of silly. I could not relate to her. I understand she took the trip to get over losing Joe but she could never really stop thinking about him.Ms. Lovelace did a very good job of descibing the countries which a love to read about. One thing I can say is that this book made me want to go visit Venice.Most fans of the series would love this but to me I guess I was not really in the mood.I rate this a 2/5.FCC Disclaimer: I borrowed this from my local library. I am also an Amazon Associate. I was not paid for my opinion and what is expressed is solely my opinion.
The Best Cd ever: I loved Destiny's Chilc since I heard No, No, No. This cd is worth buying and I bought it in early June and since then it never left my cd player. I think they are awesome with angelic-like voices. Plus if you have a PC there is an awesome interview there too.
Destiny's Child: SWV and TLC you're not: Who are you trying to be Destiny's Child? Good question. They seem like they are trying to be a carbon copy of SWV, ( one of the members even looks like Lelee.) The groups debut album is seriously lyrically deprived. Their beats, from JD. and Master P, mind you, all sound the same as the beats these producers use for other artists. Two of the songs on the album have a part 2, as if to say "Gee we know the songs are not great so we better do a remix and call it part two. The dumb fans will never know." The Part 2's should have been saved for singles not albums. Couldn't they have come up with two other songs to add to the length of the album, instead of cheating the music buyers. Sorry girls, a cameo on a Master P. and Wynclef Jean song, and funky videos, does not make you singers. Songs without recycled beats and half-way decent lyrics do.
Horrible and seriously, what was the point?: I'm open-minded and come from a punk background. I kept waiting for this movie to get better and hoping for some kind of plot to wrap my head around. I personally thought neither came to fruition. Most of the music was awesome and was a reprieve from the rest of the movie. I am sad that I lost 2 hours of my life watching this pointless movie. As far as the music, I'll just put on my T-Rex and Bowie CDs and enjoy those instead.
Two good parts that give it 4 stars: I haven't seen the whole movie but just the parts I want to see. Such as... Ewen Mcgregor making out with Johnathan Rhys-Myers How hot is that!!!! It's great! and then to see Ewen Mcgregor ALL OF HIM bouncing around just mmm ehhh droooool yummmm eee whooo who cares about plot when you have TWO GUYS MAKING OUT?!
Eye & Ear Candy: SPOILER ALERTWatching two of the hottest guys making out, well I must admit, it gets me hot! The music is great, especially if you are into the glam rock era. The cast is phenomenal...Christian Bale, Jonathan Rhys-Myers, Ewan McGregor, Eddie Izzard etc...all in one movie. I think this is more of a girl or gay/bi guy movie. None of my boyfriends have ever liked it lol but all of my girlfriends drool over it haha.
this movie is an angry "spin" on the real story: "Brian Slade" is the villain of the film. He is, of course, the Bowie composite. The viewer is meant to dislike him very much. The real Bowie wasn't involved with, nor did he let his music be used in the film. Although he was the genius of glam (as songwriter, producer, visionary and the man who musically wrote then closed the book on it) there has always been a kind of a backlash jealousy about his supernova status such that Lou Reed, Iggy Pop and Brian Eno have all acknowledged it. The movie is something of a vendetta. Hedwig and the Angry Inch or Moulin Rouge are much better glam films.
At last! An historical error!: Aha! I got you, O'Brian! Johnson and the doctor are discussing turkey buzzards and such, and Johnson mentions that he expects to see a bald eagle's nest the following day at a friend's place "in the state of Maine". But Maine did not become a state until 1820; before that year, it was part of Massachusetts.This is the last of the superb sextet which begins the series; then a decline in quality sets in, and the final few installments are just plain bad. But I would recommend the first six to anyone. "The Fortune of War" belongs more to Maturin than Aubrey, who is without a command from very early in the book. It's quieter than its predecessors, with more inner monologue than action.
Exceeded My Expectations: I own the entire 21 books in this series, as well as all the Horatio Hornblower series. This audio book was purchased for a road-trip. Unfortunatley, I reached my destination before the book was finished. I plan to buy the additional audio books ofr future road-trips. . . .a good resaon to drive to California and back!!
New Bluray Video Butchered.: If you care about this film at all, run away far and fast. Somebody botched this disc so badly it almost has to be a mistake. It's an incredible shamethat a film that earned Paul Newman accolades and an Oscar, is among Scorsese's best, has an excellent performance by Tom Cruise gets this kind of treatment. Hopefully it will end up like Gladiator and Gangs of New York that somebody will acknowledge that this isn't what was approved and the realintended Bluray will be released. Everybody knows about the John Carter debacle and how much money Disney probably will lose, but butchering a classic LiveAction film isn't the way to recoup either money or reputation. Multiple end-users and professional reviewers have been appalled at this attempt andhopefully once Scorsese gets a copy he and his people will throw some weight behind getting this abomination fixed.I only wish I could give this 0 stars or worse.
Apple screws me for first and last time: Well, I got the laptop on time from Amazon. Good job by them.Ok, now to Apple. It's not even 1 month after I bought the thing and they upgraded it. That's lousy. I heard that upgrading a computer and selling it for the same price without warning is a constant "feature" of Macintosh computers. But..less than a month of use and already there is a memory, wireless, and video upgrade? That just plain sucks. How about charging more for more? Hello-If you like losing customers...Just keep up your current practices. I changed my mind from buying a PC for this Mac ...but I'll never do that again. Back to PC's for me. Great policy Apple!!
FAB: Greased Lightning is a great cleaner if you buy the right strength. The stuff sold in grocery/discount stores is watered down. You have to go to Lowes or a hardware store to get the professional strength. Be careful though; it will take the varnish and stain off of furniture and will ruin painted surfaces like kitchen cabinets if sprayed directly on them. You have to spray a damp cloth and then clean a painted surface starting at the bottom of the cabinet. If you spray it directly on your cabinets it will leave marks where it runs down. But for cutting gunk and grease it's wonderful.
Fresh perspective on positional chess: I picked this book at a recent Malaysian local PCMM open in Kuala Lumpur. I was interested in the title having read "Excelling in Positional Chess" by Aagard.The chapters started with analysing chess space: Strong Weak Squares, then continuing to Files / Diagonals, 1st and 2nd ranks and outposts. The other chapters discusses specifically on the strenghts/weaknesses of each piece: King, Queen, Rook, and Minor Pieces.I admired his excellent analysis as he is able to illustrate the pivotal square(s) being subtly fought for, and the possible variations. Remember these are GrandMaster vs GrandMaster games and not Amateur vs Master. For those still stuck between 1500-1900, I believe this would be good book to rub off "grandmaster" techniques on your play.However if you are still being caught with opening traps, and knight forks; you are probably under 1500; you should look at other beginner books.Malaysian Chess tournaments - watch out for me this year !!
I love these socks!: These socks are great! They keep my feet nice and dry when I workout; not so much as a drop of sweat! Nice! I also love these socks because the fabric doesn't pile even after several washing and years of usage. Love 'em!
VERY CANDID: I completely enjoyed reading this book. She tells it just as it was without any PR face. I really apreciate being able to take an in-depth look at how things function and I found the advice invaluable.
Came in stated condition.: I read the previous reviews and many complained of a strong, new "chemical" smell. Although it did have a strong smell when I opened it and used it the first time, by the next day the smell had disappeared. Not sure if it's worth the exra few dollars compared to the other similar yet cheaper yoga mat on Amazon.
My Green Mat: I love this mat. I'm not a yoga expert at all, but this mat is very comfortable and sturdy (especially for the price). The "rubber" smell or "plastic" smell that some people are sobbing about is not even bad. It goes away eventually. Think about it; even sneakers have a "rubber" like smell when they're first purchased and it goes away. The smell is not overbearing at all. I'm glad I bought this mat
Nice Mat: This mat is very comfortable and has just the right tackiness to prevent sliding duing yoga postures. It's not as wide as I would have liked, but that is my own fault for not reading the dimensions before purchasing. Overall, I would highly recommend this mat or another similar mat from the same company.
for die-hard vincent perez fans only...: i have to say i was pretty disappointed by this film. afterseeing indochine, queen margot, and le libertin, this vincent perezfilm was a sleeper! not only is the dialogue stilted and undeveloped, but the different accents kinda threw me off. (vincent perez speaks decent spanish--but his english is tinged with a french accent while the rest of the family speaks english with a spanish accent!) the actors make a valiant attempt at salvaging the movie, but the result is a cheesy, overblown, wannabe epic. (it's almost painful to watch mary and francisco interact.) while the scenery is gorgeous, there are other films with far better stories, character development, and dialogue. try belle epoque (with ariadna gil and penelope cruz) or le bossu (with vincent perez) for a better representation of these actors' talents.
What An Eye Opener: I never dreamed there were so many different types of folds! Working on my present figure drawing with a smile on my face. Thanks to the author.
Great series and wonderful actress!: Anyone who hasnt seen this series is missing out big time. The sets, costumes, acting are superb! Takes one back to the days of old, where, everything that happens today, happens there, only with much more style and discretion! This isnt a "stuffy" drawing room series, very hot and exciting!
Disappointment: Good device, but elation turned to disappointment on finding the supporting software was not MAC compatible, and, therefore, the USB interface capability, useless.
Navigator: Not what i expected to hard to set upHard to readWas not accuratetried to use it for land markings
A Real Suprise!: Being a collector of all things Native American I had bought a Ben Greene movie regarding Native Legends and during the pruchase phase it was suggested by Amazon that I might like POW WOW Highway..... Like It? I was thrilled and suprised to find that Pow Wow Highway was even better than my original choice. A well acted movie with an entertaining story line. Even had a legend thread thrown in to boot!A good argument for 'Never Give Up, Never Give In' . .Pow Wow Highwaya good one!
Authentic: At the time of purchase I was dating a man who is 3/4 Cheyenne. He loves this movie - says it is authentic of Native American culture. He grew up in Lame Deer, MT, and knows some of the actors in the film, so this only adds to his pleasure.
Lost treasure: I had looked for a VHS or DVD copy of the Movie version of this book not realizing that it was created from a brilliantly written book. I stumbled across the book and the same time I found the DVD. The presented a very real and very spiritual view of life on a Lakota Rez. The problems are all too real, but so to is the humour. The need to reach out for the real story of the modern Lakota and their battle for survival to be heard is just as important today as it was a generation ago. It is a glorious battle but it is not all beads and feathers. The DVD does leave out some of the painful reality, but is more limited in order to reach a larger audience. The acting was a little spotty, but considering the fact that many were budding actors, it is understandable. However, Gary Farmer was gripping and he carried any shortcomings. Family members of mine also appreciated the story and Gary's presentation. Loved it. Richard Wisecarver, Wasilla, Alaska
Seven dials Mystery is a fun movie: We so enjoy all of Agatha Christie's movies. The books are especially wonderful with no bedroom scenes or skin showing - the movies are sometimes not that way. What a talented and gifted woman. We are so glad we bought this movie, thank you Amazon.
Great so far: Have only used a few times for tea bread and meatloaf, but nothing as stuck to it and it is easy to clean. Wish I had bought 2. Good price and good product.
Not as good as I remembered......: I totally agree with the DVD transfer being really bad. But I also think the movie wasn't as great as I remembered when I was a kid. It seemed shorter and not as exciting. I am a fan of all the actors, I wish they had more lines. It didn't hold my children's attention. My daughter (a horse lover) liked it ok. It's a good story and I would love to see them remake it. With the special affects they have now a days it could be really cool.
magical cinematic expression: The story of Alec and Black and the strong bond between them was one of my favorite movies as a kid, and it's still a favorite of mine. My favorite scenes from the movie are the ones that occur during the first 45 minutes. The scenes where they're stranded on the island are so magical that I almost feel disappointed when they get rescued. After that, everything becomes much more ordinary: not bad, necessarily, but ordinary. Up until the racing scene, when all the beauty apparent in the island scenes resurfaces. Throughout, the cinematography, production values, and acting are first-rate, and the story has become classic. This is such a great movie, and not just for kids.
I love this movie!!: I first saw this movie in 1994. I loved it then and have been trying to find it since. No one carried it (to obscure). Thanks to Amazon.com for re-releasing it on video. I still love this movie and will be eagerly awaiting it's arrival!The fight scenes are poetry in motion! Beautiful!
Only because it attracts so many new capoeiristas: I don't understand how people could love this movie as much as some apparently do. The fact that its the only american movie where the hero is specifically a capoeirista does not make up for the fact that the script is horrible and very little of the capoeira in the movie is actually worth watching unless you are completely unfamiliar with the art. For me, this movie was painful to watch. The first roda with Mestre Amen at the beginning was pretty cool, but that's about it. Rent this movie first! Don't buy it only to find out that it's a horribly cheesy "Dangerous Minds" with capoeira. If you want capoeira, get Jogo de Capoeira and see much more capoeira and avoid the unfortunate plot of this movie.
Oregen Scientific UV Sensor: This item is very useful for determining your burn time in the sun dependant on your skin type. It is relatively simple to set up for an individual user.Totally worthwhile if you are a person who works outside on a daily basis
DARN GOOD TOOL/INSTRUMENT: I have recently been exploring SUNGAZING and I wanted to be responsible regarding the care of my eyes. This monitor is exceedingly user friendly regarding UV readings with the added plus of giving an estimated time for being safe in the sun light. I also use the time function as I have recently dispensed with wearing a watch on my wrist. I'm interested in temperature as well but only in a casual way. The monitor is a bit slow in terms of adjusting for the temperature, but this might be a good thing in that so many things seem to be moving so fast here in 2011. My primary interest is in acquiring a quick(four seconds) read on UV light and this small unit fits the bill perfectly.
Made me feel drunk...don't recommend.: This product gave me a headache and made me feel disoriented, almost like I was drunk. It took about 3 days to feel normal again and 'with it'. What a waste of money, I don't recommend it.
Wooden acting and bad FX can't stunt the power of this film: A trash classic. A mute garment worker is raped twice within a few hours. She gets a gun and begins killing every man who makes a sleazy pass at her. That's it. The late Zoe Tamerlis Lund carries the film with a spooky performance. And Abel Ferrara gives everything a gritty sheen that he later perfected in films like KING OF NEW YORK and BAD LIEUTENANT.
Sturdy, but too slim: Bought various covers for my outdoor furniture like this. Well made & sturdy, but I had to return this one. It was made so skinny my umbrella wouldn't fit, and the zipper wouldn't go up. The umbrella is an ordinary 7 foot one, not bulky at all. I can't imagine what kind of umbrella would fit in this cover.Customer service on return good.
Too small and fragile: I'm sure this may be a good buy for the right application but the umbrella would have to be very small in diameter. When I tried to install it, it was just too small and the zipper broke as soon as I put pressure on it. Amazon again gets my thumbs up for a rapid refund.
Not A Good Movie: This film, about an address book killer that gets in a car wreck and whose soul goes online during a freak storm while getting a cat scan, is horrible and predictable. The movie is sterile looking with a bad look and feel. It was suspensless and extremely un-entertaining. Skip this.
A good idea: gone bad. This film was not completely terrible but it is no horror classic, I don't even think it's much of a horror movie -- It isn't scary, or gory, or suspenseful. It had potentional but it just kind of fell flat on it's face.Karen Allen, (Raiders of the lost arc, Scrooged, and Animal House), plays the single mother who's computerized address book is being used by the "soul" of the serial killer. he kills off her friends that are in the book.I can see why this is a "straight to video" movie. The acting wasn't any worse than most horror movies, but the execution of the film is just poor. If you are a real horror film buff, watch Nightmare on elm street as opposed to this. The killer is actually scary! ...
Trite Psychobabble: Over a period of decades sociologists have noticed an interesting trend: people who win Nobel Prizes, run large corporations, championship athletes, etc. tend to have high levels of self-esteem. Conversely, many of the unaccomplished tend to have low self-esteem. In this chicken vs. egg analogy, Steinem and her fellow travelers have arrived at the conclusion that achievement is a derivative of self-esteem. Wrong. Self-esteem, like everything else worth having, is earned. You cannot be given "self-esteem pills". If it makes Steinem feel any better, a generation is being inculcated with the values she espouses in this book i.e. "I'm OK, You're OK". Later in life, when confronted by failure, these citizens won't look for the causes in themselves ("It can't be my fault, I'm OK"). They will reach for politicians and leaders on the right and the left who will be more than happy to supply scapegoats.
This book needs an extra chapter.: I think this book is ok if you are already familar with the task bar and menu. I use other microsoft office applications and understood some of the feautres that are similar. However the author assumes you know ALL the commands in the task bar and menu. I didn't know where some of the buttons and commands are that are unique to this applications. This book didn't cover the menu of project 98 clearly enough for those who have never used the application.
Great Series - 5th Season was was worst: A poor ending to a great series. One word to describe "Disappointing".
its written out of pure fantasy: I say very simple: this book is pure fantasy.Just read the 2 pages about the "secret swimming pool" (which for some reason is deleted from the audio version) and tell me if its anything more then ostrovsky's wild dreams?
Disappointing...: One of the items had unsealed so there was soap and basket particles everywhere. Not sure whether to return it or try to clean it up.
Pin hole leaks: The chaise cover looks and fits great. However, we did not put any cushions on the chaise until now, early March. The cover was bought last Fall, 2008, but only used to cover the metal frame over the winter. I now find the cover has pin hole leaks and the cushion is getting soaked. Time to find out if there is any warranty!
Seems sturdy but tears easily: I was originally delighted with what appeared to be sturdy construction.After a few months, tears started to appear in the fabric. I hadn't removedthe covers very much so they must be very sensitive to the environment in some way.It was a waste of money.
Good, but not my style.: Has good solid information. Sass does not pre-soak legumes before cooking so all the cook times are wrong for me. I always soak legumes at least 24 hrs. This starts the germination process and converts the starch so no gas after eating legumes.Other popular pressure cook book recos. at least 4 hr. presoak so cook times work for my style. Both books are good. Just depends on your preference.
The ultimate in 60's garage punk: Those people who discovered the Captain on Trout Mask Replica will be surprised as I was to hear Captain Beefheart and His Magic Band before they wrote songs with titles like Neon Meate Dream of an Octafish. Which is not to say this album isn't weird, as the linear notes say, the 60's doo-wop of I'm Glad may be the weirdest thing the Captain has ever done. Safe as Milk reminded me a little of The Mothers of Invention's Freak Out, it's Top 40 60's doo-wop as interpreted by freaks. And if you were one of those people a bit put off by Trout Mask Replica's "mucus mules" and "dough eating squid", then this album may be a little more approachable. Mirthful ditties like Yellow Brick Road (which for some reason always reminds me of HR Puffinstuff) and Zig Zag Wanderer are so easy to fall in love with. And changing the subject somewhat, when are they going to release Lick My Decals Off on CD. I'm dying here.
Didn't work.: Disc did not play, regardless of attempts with computers and multiple DVD players. Appears fine, but didn't work. Will try returning.
Delightful romantic comedy: Keven Kline does a fabulous job. He's almost more believable as a Frenchman than Jean Reno! Watch this one with someone you love.
Formulaic but ...: enjoyable romantic comedy, especially if you like Meg Ryan or Kevin Kline. Bought this and Bottle Shock for an amateur wine making friend. Settle in with a good Cabernet and it's a great double feature...
Nilsson in his best period: Does humor belong in music? I think these album prove it. Nilsson in suberb shape backed up by great musicians like Bobby Keys, Ringo Starr and Nicky Hopkins playing some pretty weird stuff. 'How to Write a Song', 'Salmon Falls' 'Kojak Columbo' and 'Will She Miss Me?' are Nilsson classics, although not likely to be covered by Mariah Carrey.
Baby Animals: This is a nice little book for babies that are just starting to learn how to turn pages. It's a small little chunky book and if you have an animal loving child this is a great book for them.
Don't waste your money!!!!: I used to use the original Bare Minerals, it covered well but it was too shiny. It didn't help that I have an oily T-zone. When I saw this product I thought it would be great since it's for oily skin, but I was wrong....so wrong. After about an hour, the makeup "slides" off of my nose and chin and clumps up, leaving bare spots. So of course I have to reapply to those areas, but it looks horrible since it's all clumped. There is no "smoothing" it back out. I ordered the fair shade but it's still too dark for me. This matte version does not cover well at all. I've tired with just the matte makeup, using with the Bare Minerals primer, and with concealer, but it still doesn't cover the redness on my skin. Oh, and if you have even the smallest wrinkles, it will cause them to stand out horribly. I will never waste my money on any of these products ever again.
mineral makeup: This is the perfect makeup for people with sensitive skin. I have tried other mineral makeup products. This is the best. A little goes a long way. It is worth every penny
Wonderful Product!: I will never use any other type of make-up now besides bare minerals! The Matte Foundation is now a mainstay in my make-up collection!
Expired product...disappointed.: I have used this foundation for years and was excited to find it on Amazon since I'm a Prime member and could get it fast with my free two-day shipping. The product is new in the box, but it expired in November of 2011. I just ordered it now in May of 2012. Since I don't want to hassle with returning it, I am keeping it, but am disappointed that they didn't say anything about it being expired and that I had to pay full price (what I would have payed for it in the store) for an expired item.
Preface to Marketing Management: Adequate as a required text. Would only buy it because it is required. The saving grace is that the title does say it is a preface to marketing management. It is not a primer on marketing management, but a preface to such a text.The index is woefully inadequate.The book does give an overview of some basic marketing activities. Some definitions and examples could be presented more clearly and consistently.I will be selling this book after the class that required it.
Don't waste your money: This video is not a video for a young child just learning how to use a potty. It is more for the child who just needs some brushing up on how to have good potty hygiene. The whole story line is this 4yr olds birthday party. They make the trip to the potty fun. The message being that the party will still be there when you get back. The typical 4yr old dilemma, do I leave the fun or hold it. It does show his little sister in the potty training phase, but it only touches on it VERY briefly. The story line is quite borring and in my opinion DUMB.. My daughter never really got into it. Bottom line there are a lot of better potty videos out there. We like "once Upon A Potty" for the just learning set.
a captivating saga of yet another victimized woman's life: The title of this book threw me off. But when I read the synopsis, I was delightfully surprised to learn that it centered around a terribly isolated and victimized woman named Eden. If you want to sympathize and even emphathize with all the trials and tribulations of an oppressed female character, and yet simultaneously delve into the superficial world of modeling and the upper crust society in general, then I highly suggest this book. You'll find yourself becoming engrossed with all the unpredictable twists and turns. You'll definitely root for the underdog and find yourself abhoring the antagonists.Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
WARNING: The Very Worst of Kolchak!!!: Understand -- I am the world's biggest NIGHT STALKER fan. I saw the premiere at age 11. I own every single episode on video, and both movies. Karl Kolchak is the funniest, coolest, most exciting monster hunter in the world!But don't buy this video. TREVI COLLECTION and YOUTH KILLER are the two weakest episodes in the series. TREVI is about a witch who kills a bunch of fashion models. There are no scares, just really lame stuff with mannequins coming to life and some poor girl getting scalded in the shower. It's ugly, not scary. Lara Parker from DARK SHADOWS is okay, but not really good as a truly evil human being.YOUTH KILLER is so bad it should never even have aired. It feels like a "half speed" episode in slow motion. There's an ancient Greek goddess causing young singles to age overnight because somehow it helps her stay alive forever. Very poor episode, no action and a lot of needless mockery of the elderly and singles.
Not for the long haul: We purchased this in January 2011 and already there are 2 rips in it. We will need to purchase a replacement one. The material is medium weight- thought it would last longer than 1 3/4 years.
DO NOT buy this product.Waste of $$!: DO NOT buy this item.WASTE of $$$.Totally cracked and ripped within 3 months of purchase due to sun exposure.Isn't this what the cover is for---sun protection?!Once covered for the season we didn't even remove the cover from our patio furniture until 3 months later and only uncovered/recovered patio set about 3 times before noticing major disintegration.We handled cover VERY carefully---damage is obviously from sun damage here in Southern California---dried, cracked and ripped throughout.Has 1 year manufacturer's warranty, but can't get this settled through Amazon, or find manufacturer's phone #, even on Internet.
Nice to look at, but causes the GameCube to shutdown: These controllers are nice an comfortable, but that doesn't matter if you can't play with them. The power draw from these controllers causes the GameCube to shut down, so they are pretty useless. I just bought the Wii, so I'll see if they do the same when playing GameCube games on the Wii...
You need to read the whole book! Starts slow....: but is well worth the wait. If you've read Ms. Dain before then you know that she is a good writer. This book starts slow. I should say the first few pages are intriguing and then the next 25 are slow. This is called "building the characters".If you put the book down at this point then you really miss out on the whole story. Elsbeth's "Period" plays a small part in the beginning of her unwanted marriage to Hugh of Jeruselem. Maybe someone didn't continue on but the story of an unwanted marriage and trickery on Hugh's part are what the story are about.
Nasty, disgusting, a complete and utter failure of a book!: I got this book as a Christmas gift from my sister L, I don't know what I did to deserve this. I thought she loved me. Claudia Dain has a preoccupation with the minstral cycle and any questions that anyone has regarding it are answered by this book. Seriously, I like the other reveiwers have read many upon many romances and just books in general. I think that I am not alone in my opion that not even James Patterson, Dean Koontz or Stephen King cannot compare with the "blood letting" in this book. I will never EVER read another book by this aurthor. The good news is if she got published there is hope for us all.
My favorite Genesis album coupled with a great bonus DVD: Duke is my favorite Genesis album, and the reissue with the DVD is outstanding. My favorite songs from this band are Behind the Lines, Duchess, Misunderstanding, Turn It On Again, and Duke's Travels/Duke's End. The DVD contains one of their best Reissues Interviews in the entire series, and the 1980 Live at the Lyceum is a must have concert for a Genesis fan. Highly recommended.
Rachel Ray Skillet: I just absolutely love this skillet the only problem is I now wish I had purchased the 12 inch instead of the 10 inch.
Miracle On 34th Street: Usually a remake of an original does not pass the test of being better. This one certainly does surpass the original although both versions are great. If you like Natalie Wood then the original version is for you. This one with Richard Attenborough will certainly warm your heart. The entire cast was perfect for this movie. Enjoy!
Horrible Remake: I believe this is the worst remake ever made! It doesn't deserve the name! The original movie was about a little girl who didn't know any fairy tales. She didn't mind because she didn't know any better.In the new movie she seems like an abused child! That is only one of the things wrong with the feel and look of this horrible thing. The cuteness of the original is completely lost in this movie. I really really hated it. All the fun and sweetness of the original is completely missing in this one. What a shame this movie was ever made. I feel sorry for people that see this movie first (or at all) before seeing the orginal!I gave it one star because I didn't have the option to give it multiple negative stars!
too cutesy: The original had charm, a story, and a believable Susan, lacking in the "update". How ironic to justify Santa Claus by referencing a dollar bill. Kris Kringle cringed!
So Bad So Bad: Sometimes I like remakes but this one was so bad. I am 16 years old and was brought up on the orignal black and white version. And that was a great family classic. But this movie was so bad. Why, Why remake a classic !!
movie: This is a classic movie for all ages. I have been looking for it for awhile and found it on amazon when no where else seemed to have it. It came in perfect condition.
classic movie--still brilliant: This timeless classic is beautiful on Blu-ray and still carries with it the spirit of Christmas. A must-see year after year.
De Jong/Sendak perfect match!: I love all kind of animals and above all dogs, I read three times Along Came a Dog and Hurry Home Candy, and each time I felt the same tension at the beginning and the same triumph at the end of this moving story. The simplicity and the reality of the description of situations and emotions is amazing as extraordinary is the match De Jong /Sendak.As a foreigner reader (Italian) I think these two artists keep at the very top the quality of American children's literature and arts.An inspiration for beginners and professionals writers and illustrators!I wish Amazon had a ten star rating!
Very good family read aloud.: I recently read this book out loud to my family- husband and kids 8,5,3 and and infant that slept through most of it. We read it in one- yes one- day in the car because no one wanted me to stop. We have a small flock of chickens and a dog, so we could totally relate to the animals in the story. It portrays small farm life and the personality of chickens very well. It's a bittersweet story, full of suspense, with a very happy ending.
A Good Beginning: I appreciated the inside view of some aspects of the Iditarod. Now I want to know more. I'd like to see a second chapter with personal information re: experiencing the days on the ride.
Subtle, but involving: I saw this film many years ago and it was unforgettable. I re-watched it recently and I was not disappointed. One of the most realistic views of Australian history and the impact of the white settlers on the Aboriginal culture.What's wonderful is that there is no real "villain" here -- the characters are subtle (something American filmmakers should learn) and interesting. The ending is a bit flat but that may be merely a typical American need for a big finale. Don't let it stop you from watching this film.But whatever you do -- DO NOT READ THE BLURB ON THE BACK! It gives away the entire story (including the ending).
a couple of good rarities: This compilation has an edited version of "Figure Of Eight", which I believe is the same as the single version. There are two rarities on this CD which are worth the purchase to the serious collector; "Party Party" is a dance number, sounding pretty much from the era it was recorded in (late 1980s). "I Wanna Cry" is a slow, hard driving blues tune. Fairly sure these tracks were recorded during the "Flowers In The Dirt" sessions, since this disc was released around the same time. This was originally issued as a radio promo disc, and is indeed a rare find.
deeply touched: THIS SHOULD BE A MUST READ FOR KIDS AND ADULTS..THERE WAS TIMES WHEN I HAD TO PUT THIS DOWN I WAS DEEPLY TOUCHED AND INSPIRED HOW STRONG AND BRAVE THE LOST BOYS WERE..JUST IMAGINE YOUR CHILD GOING THROUGH SUCH TERRIBLE LIFE HARD TO IMAGINE ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU HAVE LOVE ONES THERE AGE.THIS IS KIDS FOR GOD SAKE..NEEDS TO STOP..SADDENS ME
Animal HIde and Seek: Was disappointing in the quality. One flap was completely gone when received. Several of the flaps were worn pretty badly. I will not buy from this company again.
Useful: This book is very informative, allowing a beginner (or more advanced member) of the craft to gather knowledge on commonly used implements/herbs/etc.
HO Train: I was very disapointed in this item. It fell well short of what I expected. Even with the discount, In my opinion, this product is way way overpriced. The picture of the item on the web page was very misleading. It would have been nice if The web page had a more elaborate description to include the length of the item. I needed a HO Locomotive right away to use pulling our train around our Christmas tree. Amazon was very convenient, shipping was free and time was short. Item did arrive before the expected delivery date. The Locomotive was an HO but I had a constant problem keeping it on the rails especially when the train went through turnouts. When used with an assortment of various HO railroad cars the Locomotive looked to small and just didn't blend in at all. Since we only run the train at Christmas I will be shopping for a replacement before next Christmas.
WARNING: Fellas-Trust me here. Dont let your girl rope you into this one.Just say no.or else its...MEESSAAAA CHICKOBEEEE...for 8 hours.
More sterotypes from Hollywood: Why is it that Hollywood just can't resist those southern Appalachian stereotypes? This movie was based on a stage play that was set in the Pacific northwest, but Hollywood is convinced that such a story could only take place in the southern Appalachians. Admittedly Foster does turn in an impressive performance, but that can't make up for the insistence Hollywood has for continuing to stereotype an entire group of people.
excellent movie: another fine performance for Liam and Jodie. the story is very touching and the ending perfect. good movie with your wife/sweet heart. some nudity is included but is not really needed to support the story line. too bad real life doesn't usually end as well.
Great performances: This movie is outstanding. I show it to my sociology class as a lesson on sociolization or the lack thereof and the effect on an individual.
Not a bad book: This work is not about rehashing the passion of Christ. It is more about how even the more stable among us can get caught up in hero worship, how we turn on our heros and of course shadowy government manipulation in times of crisis.
Pointless: There's not much of a mystery, nor is there any real suspense, even to the love interest. This book is more like sex and violence pornography made genteel for people who live in tract homes.
Too slow and boring...couldn't finish it.: I got one-quarter through this book, and just couldn't endure it any longer. The plot moved at a snail's pace. Pages and pages were devoted to mundane events. The dialogue, especially that of Ian and Lacey, was incredibly hokey. Also, after the previous books painted Susa as this impressive, sophisticated woman, I found her portrayal in this book to be rather banal. Anyway, I have no idea how the book turns out, and I don't care. Don't waste your money.
RIP OFF: This company is a rip off. I never got my order and they still want to charge me for shipping. Also their schedualed delivery time was 26 days. I doubt I will be doing any more business with Amazon
Predictable: This was not a good Doris Day film. The script and plot were ridiculous and predictable. Just a silly movie that was not very creative.
DON"T BE FOOLED!!!! THE REAL THING.....: don't be fooled by its "real" price before sales I have no idea what they were thinking $$$99.99...!!??? So if you think that you are getting a bargain you are NOT, the actual real price is what they are asking for it... $14.99. regarless I am buying it for my nephew and hope that he likes it.They get 1 star because they are liars!
Kick ass: It's so funny reading reviews from little kids who've watched these movies in 2000 and 2001 for the first time. I'm 21, so I was a kid when the first "Child's Play" came out in 1988! I LOVE Child's Play 2. It's my favorite of the set. Part 3 I thought sucked. I remember a scene when Chucky steps out and says the equivalent of "Boo" and the victim makes this HUGE scene like he's been shot and dies of his own accord. Dumb. Bride of Chucky is just funny as hell, so I have to give it a good review. Overall, I'd love to have it, so thumbs up on this set!
Fo Rizzle, and maybe the president will make me secretary: In this tour de force, I only had the urge to vomit twice. Quite possibly, this "film" is the most misunderstood gem to come from the Craven camp, which definitely says a lot. Its themes of people living under the stairs and ethnic diversity are a constant [hit] in the face that reminds the viewer to ask him or herself why did he or she pick this movie. Out of all the memorable moments, my personal favorite is the "father's" hunting outfit, which is slightly reminiscent of the gimp in pulp fiction. Kudos to Craven on that scary image. In all seriousness, if I learned one thing from this movie it is that some day we all can rise above our oppressors, even if they are incestuous maniacs... especially if you don't watch this movie!
Absolutely Beautiful: Great lyrics, beautiful voice and an emotional performing style. I wore out "No Angel" and I am sure I will wear this one out as well. Life for Rent, White Flag, This Land is Mine,and See you When you Are Forty are my personal favorites, but there isn't a bad song on the CD.
What happened here? There's not even "Life for free" :(: I was so excited to pick up this CD, after hearing her debut No Angel...after listening I left wondering "What Happened?".I really love Dido's voice, but the material on this album is dreadful - that's right, dreadful!! I listened to White Flag and thought, ehhh...this is ok...then I realized this was her first single from this album and then thought...Uh Oh. My fears came true as I listened on. This disc has no spirit. Listen closely to her vocals throughout the whole CD - it's nearly monotone. Sad to say, I really didn't have any favorites on this disc and will probably let it sit in my CD collection, unlistened to, or sell it.I do have one question though, "Dido, did you do this or did Arista records do this?".
love this cd!!!: Dido rocks. i love every track on this album, especially this land is mine. " this land is mine, but ill let u rule, ill let u navigate and demmand just as long as u know this land is mine" and the hidden track.
AWESOME ALBUM: Life for rent is another awesome album by Dido. It is a bit more laid back than "No Angel" but in my opinion, I think that makes it better. Her soft calming vocals really suit the music. Its just great to listen to it while your driving in your car or even while your sleeping or taking a nap. Highly recommended!! A must have album for both dido fans and non dido fans. Go buy one now! hehe.
What happened to Dido?: My God, what happened to Dido? I love No Angel to death but I can't bear listening to this CD. Gone are the mesmerizing rhythms found in Don't Think of Me and I'm No Angel. Every song on here is the exact same. It's as if she's speaking with some (entirely too heavy) background beats humming along. There are no ups and downs to her voice. If it wasn't for the fact that words are spoken at different speeds, you can imagine her chanting the lyrics. I can't believe this is Dido has to offer after these years. Hopefully her next album is better. I will be waiting.
You'll love this cd!: Are you looking for a cd full of dance tunes, heart thumping bass, and vocals that sound like every Christina-Britney wannabe? Well, this cd isn't for you then -- Go buy a JLo or Creed cd and stop reading here.BUT if you are looking for music to relax to, sing to, work to, make love to, this is the cd you need. On the first listen, I was intrigued by the sound. On the second and third listen, I fell in love with the lyrics. Now I have a new favorite song on the cd.Granted Dido is not everybody's style, but if you like Sarah McLachlan and Jewel (think Pieces of You era), then give it a try.
excellent: i actually got my hands on this album before the release, and haven't put it down one single day. I have never been a strong Dido fan but this album has made me one.dido is a very creative singer. her lyrics are awesome.. my favs include "do you have a little time" which is so catchy, well written and sung, along with "sand in my shoes" and of course the title track "life for rent" that is filled with more CREATIVE cliches. least favs are "see you when you're 40" and Mary's in india" don't like em.. hence, why the 4 stars..but regardless.. this IS an album you'll want to buy a legit copy of. bravo
Trip-hop for 40-somethings: Its so sad that an artist like Dido, mildly pleasant but ultimately bland and MOR, has to be the mainstream reprasentative of what was the greatest musical movement of the 90s (and, yes, I haven't forgotten grunge). Portishead, Massive Attack, Faithless and DJ Shadow blaze the way for intelligent dance music, chilled, slowed hip-hop and that kind of mood music, and then Dido, assisted by brother Rollo from Faithless makes the formula a housewive's favourite by combining it with bland "adult pop" and safe, flavourless arrangements. OK, so No Angel was a nice enough album, but Life For Rent just stretches the point. Why does this kind of thing have to clog up the charts rather than some new, original music pushing through?
Dido is the best: I just bought Life for Rent today it was 15 bucks but I don't regret it at all.This cd is really good, I mean every song on this cd is not excellent,but there is no such thing as a bad Dido song. Dido has a beautiful voice it's addictive, you just want to hear it over and over again.If I could give it 4and a half stars I would. Oh I love White Flag it's just as good as Thank You, great instrumentals.Not a dissapointment for Dido fans.Buy Life 4 Rent!
WHITE FLAG BY DIDO (LIFE FOR RENT CD): I only have webtv and not a computer.The sound clips I've heard from different companies(AMAZON INCLUDED) are SO BRIEF,I really don't get to hear enough of the song to rate it.I realize you can't play the WHOLE THING!,but you could play ONE MINUTE where I could really hear enough to actually RATE the song.I WILL say AMAZON'S sound quality is better than most but they are JUST AS STINGY as all the others!What FEW seconds I heard were good I guess but it wasn't nearly LONG ENOUGH...SHAME ON YOU! My rating of 2 stars is for it's briefness.I'm sure if I could hear ENOUGH,it would have been a 5!
Life For Rent: This is an album that has grown on me a little more with each listen. At first, only a few songs stood out. With time, others seeped their way into my brain and became favorites. The lead single "White Flag" is my favorite song. Maybe cliche, but the song is great and vocally she sounds excellent, not to mention it has a great hook and overall is an incredible pop song that is very memorable. I like the song "Don't Leave Home" as well, there is a warmth to her vocals that gives depth to the song (and others). The title track is a nice confessional ballad. "Stoned" is another favorite, it has an electronica flair, it definately grew on me a lot. Other favorites include "See You When You're 40", "Who Makes You Feel", "This Land Is Mine", and "Do You Have A Little Time".
Soothing, enjoyable piece of work: Dido's voice is very soothing and each and every song here is very enjoyable. If you appreciate good music buy this. It's music of a different kind than you're probably accustomed to hearing, but it takes very little time for you to begin to soak it up. It's just perfect when you want to unwind after work, or when you're sleeping. It's also a nice way of exploring your own feelings about love and self, and I am sure most of those who buy the album can identify with the words. This is one cd that will have pride of place on your shelf. To complete your collection, get No Angel by Dido also. It's another truly delightful album.
Is there a bad song on this CD?: Perhaps it is the exact moment this music came into my life, but it truly spoke to me, and all of my friends. Definitely worth the price, and a great improvement over her last CD. The music is so soothing, and the lyrics are heartbreakingly real.... I absolutely loved it!
Dido's Songs Are Beautiful!: I love how Dido has written an album that is popular-but not bland like some top hits are. She is never afraid of bringing her album into dark places (where I think the album becomes stunningly beautiful. Ex: Do you have a little time and White Flag)her voice is like the reassuring,sublime voice of an angel in the midst of melancholy and love terribly wrong. Her songs aren't silly little jingles that are soon forgotten as the next hyped up baggy pants wearing next big THING comes along. Her songs are about life and it's wear and tear on the soul but her voice is so lovely, so angelic, it holds the promise of a brighter, better tommorow.Also suggested: Eraykuh Baduh (probably spelled wrong), Heart, Stevie Nicks, Tori Amos (all are women who have incredible music and heartfelt songs.
God awful.: First published in 1961 as part of the Cool and Lam detective series, Bachelors Get Lonely is little more than 167 pages of mindless drivel. Authored by the legendary Erle Stanley Gardner under the pseudonym A.A.Fair, this book is a monumental disappointment. The plotting is unwieldy, the characters repeatedly insist on doing things completely out of character and the dialogue, more often than not, is laughably inauthentic sounding. Do not waste your time reading Bachelors Get Lonely.
One Of Marcia's Best Albums: My long search is finally over. For years I've been searching for this album without success. Thanks to Amazon.ca. This album is among the finest that Marcia has made. Her rendition of certain songs are superb and I can describe this album with one word...SUPERLATIVE
wonderfully done: I especially enjoyed this book because he gave you an honest account of his rise to fame. His was not an easy journey and took a toll on his spirit and creativity. To see one of his performances you'd never guess the obstacles he had to overcome. It was inspiring and uplifting. Yanni fans will enjoy this look at the man and his music.
He's not the same as his music: It's amazing to read that this man who makes such wonderful harmonies is himself thoroughly self-centered. He's at peace with that - he's just self-centered! There are reasons he never married, which become clear while reading this. His early life was interesting, and his description of the trials he went through to do the concert at the Acropolis are still in my mind when I listen to it. Nowadays, however, I enjoy the music and have no urge to meet the composer.
This book forces you to sit back and be amazed: This is my first Vonnegut novel. With a quick pace and bizzare set of stories it kept me intrigued through and through. In my experience people either label Vonnegut as one of the best authors of our era, or merely as a gifted entertainer, both are accurate. I find his writing style compelling and very powerful. The story unwinds slowly, but you are forced to follow Vonnegut's mind to find out how or where you will turn up next, whether it be listening to a twelve year old wallow about his ignorant father, or curiously watching as the chairman of NBC loses yet another wife. If in reading a book you desire to see only the plausible happen then look elsewher, for here you never quite know what psychological quirk might be next
Vonnegut's worst: Of all the books in Vonnegut's body of work, this provides the bottom of the barrel. If one is to grant that each book is a mirror of where he was at in his life, it's safe to say this was a bottoming point before he was able to reflect upon it with a smirk. The miserable moments provide neither glimmers of hope nor wistful pronouncements of ironic futility. For fans, it's a must read because hr wrote it, but don't expect what you felt with "Bluebeard," "Breakfast of Champions," or "Mother Night."
Thinly entertaining: Jimmy Stewart playing a harmonica? Maybe in l941 America had its mind on the war and movies, like this one, were very loosely put together. Paulette Goddard plays her usual kinda dingy part. It is interesting to see Horace Heidt's band again. A young Art Carney is spotted in this not-so-unusual plot of struggling musicians, love on the fly, rushing here and there to make the auditions and play dates. You wonder how hunger these actors were to play in this movie or was it made on furlough for the folks at home.
Excellent: I love this CD. I have been a fan of Bossa Nova for as long as I can remember, and this is some of the finest laid back Bossa Nova style music since Antonio Carlos Jobim. The tunes are primarily vocal, intermixed with just enough of Till Bronner's great trumpet. The accompanying musicians are all excellent, especially the percussion. The music flows as smoothly and seductively as a gentle breeze on a warm evening under the stars of a summer sky. Highly recommended.
B-movie that could of: Thinking that since Wes Craven directed this movie that it would at least be semi-good since he directed such b-movies like "A Nightmare on Elm Street" or spoof movies like "scream". Boy was I wrong. The idea was definately there. However, for a lack of budget and and lack of any type of supporting cast the movie just did not live up to its B-movie status. It is only for those who are horror fan deticated and/or Wes Craven fantaticts only.
The Book That Started My Fascination With Her Work.: I first heard about Jackie Collins during of all places an "English" Class and when I read the passage featuring Carrie, I was totally blown away. I read the entire book from beginning to end and in this book I really admired the characters for going for what they wanted. From Gino's early beginnings in Brooklyn's "Little Italy" to daughter Lucky's ruthless ambition not to mention Carrie's humble beginnings as a child prostitute to a lady of glamour and elegance to passing on a better life for her son Steven, the action never lags and even when the story ended in 1977 you couldn't help but want more.
defective?: Probably I got a defective one, but was very hard tu lock/unlock, key wouldn't turn, was frustrating, I purchased it based on other people's review
Amazing: What an amazing little speaker. In fact, it's not too little - it's a good size. The speaker is extremely well built. It's quite heavy. Feels very solid and fills my movie room (15 x 20) with crystal clear sound.The magnetic speaker cover is very classy. The connectors in the back are spring loaded making the wiring so easy, I was setup within 2 minutes total. I've purchased $100 speakers before, but these delivered way beyond my expectations. Most sub $100 speakers feel light, cheap and produce a tinny sound. These are just beautiful.Atlantic Technology has traditionally made speakers way beyond my reach ($1000+)...so I was very excited that they made speakers within reach of the common man.Well done.
Unlike anything else I've seen - Worth Reading: Truly a unique book. Written by a large, loosely-knit group of recovering drug addicts in the Narcotics Anonymous fellowship, from around the USA in the 70's & 80's. It's hard not to relate to the stories in the book, even for those who never had a drug problem... If you think you might have a drug problem (or any addiction) - get it, read it, and decide for yourself. I live according to the book, and I've stayed clean for 6 years and my life has improved dramatically...
Great movies, new info on new release: I have to say I love LBT even though I'm fifteen, but hey don't we all.Anyway I have new info on a future release of Lbt its called: LBT 13 the return of chompercan't wait to see it
Great story if only the language was cleaner.: YIKES.. Saw this on TV a while back and there was no cussing. Bought the DVD and wow, it was filled with it....way too much. But the story was very creative and would be a great family film if the language was cleaner. Clean language would've earned a 5 star rating.
Outstanding film that has been overlooked..: This is no doubt on my top 10 movies of all time, and I'm not kidding. Something about it just stayed with me after seeing it. I've watched it many times since then and it only gets better. The cast is amazing with every character played to perfection. For a "low budget" film to be able to get so many great actors is extraordinary. Don't waste another second and buy this film, or at least rent it. Then you can buy it!
Insightful and Moving: When it comes to the world of finance, I'm a total idiot. I also don't spend much time thinking of such things, since I've never had enough money to invest in a savings account, much less comodities. So some of what the story is about eludes me. I can't identify with the amount of dollars being discussed, or the money these people make, but they become human because of the pain they endured and the losses they suffered. Cantor Fitzgerald suffered potential fatal harm that day and the people who struggled to pull the company out of the ashes are to be commended, as well as consoled. I had difficulty putting the book down once I started reading it. It is compelling. This is one of the few 9/11 books that should make it to your reading list.
A moving tale about courage and hope: When September 11, 2001 began No one would know the evil that they were going to witness that day. By the end of that day company Cantor Fitzgeral would face the heavyest losses with nearly 700 employees gone. "On top of the world" by Tom Barbash, takes a inside look at the days,weeks,and months as CEO Howard Lutnick and remaining staff trys to move foward for the families of lost employees.This is really good book that show each of us as human and our quest to help others.
IB: very good purchase for my daughter, she had a pair before and she wouldn't take them off unless she went to sleep so they worn out in almost 3 years, so i got this new pair for her for xmas, i'm sure she's gonna love them.perfect sizing and quality.
Love them: This review is very deserving of 5 stars. My boyfriend needed a new pair of chucks for work that matched his uniform... we don't wear many other types of shoes.. Love chuck taylors! 5 stars for fast shipping, and low price. Thanks!
Chucks are Always awesome: Chucks are always awesome and this one came in an awesome condition! My only qualm about this line of converse is that it provides no support as do most converse.
Converses are awesome!: What can I say? These shoes are insanely comfortable and go with everything. The more worn they get the better they look.
very good runner: I have gotten these runners for my sons for over 10 years. They love the colors, light feeling, and comfort of these Converse shoes. They are also not "ones for leather" so these fit their tastes perfectly and they are washable. I would not recommend them for gymnastics or physical education classes because they are not made for that type of activity but they are comfortable for walking!
Triad "Remastered Edition" of The Stranger is a lousy copy.: The Stranger is an interesting film, one of the better film noir of the era. This streaming version from Triad, described as "remastered," is crap. Check out the other reviews. The MGM version has positive reviews.
DVD The Stranger: VERY DISAPPOINTED - DVD WAS BLANK!!! I ordered this DVD as a Christmas gift in early December. I was informed day after Christmas that the DVD was blank. Unfortunately I miss placed the shipping info, and rather than go through the hassle, I just went to a DVD store and purchased a replacement. Wont be purchasing any more DVD's online!! In all fairness I was unable to contact seller for a replacement. Just totally disgusted with the whole incident.
Classic Suspense: Good story, interesting time period - just after WWII and place - a small town in New England. Cast also excellent.
Outstanding!: I haven't heard her "Revolution in Me" album yet but i know it will hit stores soon. Siobhan Donaghy, ex-sugababe member, has indeed showed true talent in her songs like "twist of fate" and "overrated"...Her vocals are unique, kinda trip-hoppy with some strength...The song "Twist of Fate" has a pop/rock approach which is slightly different from the sugababes style of music yet it has nice sound effects and electric guitar parts that makes it more stylish than any of the Sugababes songs. It also has a slight tint of the sugababes in it because of the sound distortions at some parts. The overall tune is very catchy and i've yet to get tired of it...very melodious...I really really recommend this single...in addition, it comes with the video...it's a cool vid!Maybe even purchase her upcoming "Revolution in Me" album...
...: It only comes to show you, read the fine print....I bought this with high hopes I was getting the movie. But all it is, is the soundtrack to the movie, and I thought it was the movie because it said DVD (of course it the word audio under it, in real small print) on it, but it's just an audio version of the movie. It does have photos, that are modified, with horrible quality, and it also has the lyrics to the songs, but I couldn't figure out how to get the screen to go down to read the full text of the lyrics. I am diffenitly taking this back to get a refund.. I have seen the movie before, and I really like it, but I can not endorse this product due to the fact it is very deceptive, and they even put it in the video section at the place I bought it. I just thought I would warn ya'll about it...
I used this for the father-daughter dances at both daughters wedding.: I love this album. I have it in the original pristine vinyl from when it came out and in CD format for casual listening.I used to pick up my daughters and waltz with them when they were very small, so it was perfect for the father-daughter dance now.I bought the "cloud" version because the DJ in LA couldn't find it for my second daughter's dance.I would recomend buying in the CD format for most people, it avoids a lot of getting up and turning records over compared to the vinyl, and the sound is much better than I brought down from the clouds, which may be the fault of the computer speakers or the compression, or both. I am not a big fan of compressed music, it is okay for ear buds, I suppose.Buy the CD!
A Most Satisfying Fall: Juliane and Ulrich really are legends in their time. She has the dubious honor of being the Queen of the Frigid and he has the sole distinction of being the King of Seduction. As the story unfolds, we learn how very much Juliane stands to both gain and lose if a man manages to rise to her particular challenge. Ulrich could easily have been a one-dimensional character in this story, but Dain peels back his layers and we find out how very much he has to offer Juliane.The most surprising thing about this book is its intense emotional depth. I expected a fun read and a great one, since it was by Claudia Dain. I should have expected the intensity and the heart-wrenching revelations, as well, but they somehow took me unaware. This book, like its hero and heroine, has many layers. It is deep, moving and satisfies on so many levels.
how does this get on a romance shelf?: This book is so full of rape and violence I wonder if it wasn't written by a man using a pen name. The main character gets brutally raped and then has sex with her husband in front of a group of people like in a bad porn movie. I felt like I needed a bath after this. How does this stuff ever get published as romance which is supposed to be love? Gross porngraphic and disgusting
The best book ever!!!: I thought and truly felt that Paula Danziger's, Can You Sue Your Parents for Malpractice? book was the best book ever. It was humorous and touching. I really enjoyed reading it!!!
Real Cecher: I loved this book its fast paced easy to read book!! I read this book a long time ago..You feel like you are the main person, Lauren, she has a perfect older sister, fighting perents, a yonger boyfriend and life is buging her. later she relizes that she will have to live with it. her sister was kiked out of the house so she is now liveing with her boyfriend. I usely hate teen books since I am only 11. but Paula Danziger is one of my favoret athors. This is a must read!(: (: (:
$150 of Repairs in 5 Years: We've had an earlier model range hood style Sharp oven for five years. We've had to replace the circuit board and it has gone through three door handles. There is no one in our household who misuses appliances, so the door handle problem---plastic that is not strong enough to withstand the pulling pressure of the door catch--- simply shows the inferior quality of Sharp parts. I've actually hoped that the oven itself would stop working so I'd have a legitimate reason to replace it; I can't bear the idea of throwing out a functioning appliance. This is why I give it 2 stars. But this machine will have cost me $150 in repairs if I replace the broken handle again.
Bolivia: I read the danish version of the book because i was suposed to write an essay on the life of Che. After reading this book i found out realy what kind of person he was and he is as we call it in Norway "KONGE" (king)
Fantastic Workout: This is not your usual Pilates DVD. It is a blend of aerobic and toning as well as strength training. You will definitely sweat. I really enjoyed this workout. It's a total 45 minute workout, and it works mostly the arms and the legs. The abs are good too but very little time is spent on the abs although you're supposed to holding in the abs through out the whole workout. I really enjoyed it and along with my other crunch bootcamp and Tamilee Webbs Weight Loss video, my body feels like it gets a great workout.
Crunch - Burn & Firm Pilates: Crunch - Burn & Firm Pilates is a great workout. It is especially good for ex ballet dancers. The workout is fun and includes a great mat sequence and stretches for the back.
Surprised by small capacity.: I had been looking for a nine inch square baking dish, and thought this one would work. When it arrived, I noted that the sides of the dish were so sloped that the capacity was greatly diminished, and when I test-measured using water, sure enough, it only held 1.5 qts. Was very disappointed. Quality was OK, so I kept it (shipping charges made it too expensive to return).So am still looking for a true nine inch square dish!
If you Liked Da Vinci Code....: The quest for the Grail is one of the most fascinating subjects in all of literature. John McLaughlin's book takes it in a direction that goes beyond what Dan Brown laid out in DA VINCI CODE--from the distant past into a possible future. The G.R.A.I.L. is a healing object which gives eternal life. The ageless keepers of the G.R.A.I.L influence major world events and world leaders from early in recorded history, from the Russian revolution, to the rise of Hitler and beyond. McLaughlin writes with an easy authority. And the plot moves quickly and decisively. Frankly, I thought the relationships in DA VINCI CODE were its weakest element. In G.R.A.I.L., enduring friendships hold the book together. And the protagonist, Arthur McBruce's quest to stay beneath the radar of an evil G.R.A.I.L. keeper who is chasing him through the world is both enervating and interesting. This is a well thought out book and would make for good beach reading.
No fun at all, not that it is suppose to be: These just aren't designed very well at all. The size, weight, and length are just off for me and I doubt I am alone. It was a chore to use especially because of the temperature - cold. There are better tools on the market.
don't buy: Whoever designed this product never used it. Almost impossible to line up the lid with the spin mechanism. The bowl is not perforated so all the muck you spin out seaps back into the food.
'In Death' series: This is an awesome book as is the whole series. JD Robb is an amazing author! Would recommend to anyone I know.
Old and New World co-exist: This movie was a delight to watch. It's simple presentation of tradition and the power it holds trying to bond with the here and now. It shows that you can hold on to your beliefs and values and still find happiness. Beautifully acted.............camera work wonderful.......director did a great job.
Mistress of Bland: I love many of the actors in `Mistress of Spices', so it is with sadness that I must rate this the most boring, flat Indian movie I have ever seen.It is like `Chocolat' but without the interesting characters.Similar to `Like Water for Chocolate' but without the passion.Because the title character Tilo has a taboo that she cannot leave her spice shop, almost all of the `action' takes place there. A movie in primarily one location requires good drama, but most of the scenes wallow in monologues and narratives that fail to produce interest or drama. Tilo and Doug are the romantic love interest, but these two fine actors fail to produce a spark between them.The self-described "Rich Cinematography" is a pale imitation of truly visual feasts: `Devdas' or `Umrao Jaan'.The movie has turned the original novel into a bit of a penny romance; I wish it had either realism to be believable or more drama to make suspending reality entertaining.
Excellent service: This product arrived earlier than expected and was exactly as it was stated on the advertisement for it. Excellent service and I appreciate it. As usual, Amazon is on par excellence. The show is great and entertaining as per usual. I don't understand the negative reviews about this product. I guess they're old school Star Wars fans but this product is awesome.
Main cord sticks to the side when plugged in: The way most outlets are installed on the wall, the cord sticks to the side, rather unsightly, rather than going straight down (or up). There is no way to lay the cord neatly; I purchased this to plug my phones on my kitchen counter and the lateral sticking cord looks unsightly; I consider this a design flaw. Probably the best option would have been to have the plug rotate freely so the cord can be arranged neatly regardless of the position of the plug/outlet/cord (albeit for a higher price).
Perfect best little power strip: I love this power strip because it folds and there are outlets on both sides. Great for when I am on the go filming.
perfect: I am never traveling without this again. great for airports, for random hotels. works well with travel adapters, and the size is perfect.
For more than just travel!: After reading through the reviews it appeared that most people purchased this item expressly for travel. My motivation was different. Setting up a wall mount flat screen TV, DVD, and cable box in the kitchen. Three plugs, two outlets! Needed something small enough to be as unobtrusive as possible but with extra access for the plugs. This is perfect! Also had a choice of white and black, bonus! And it's made by Monster, double bonus! Nice that someone has come up with a product like this. Of course buying it from Amazon made the process very easy. Shop, point, click, arrives two days later with Prime!
Perfect for travel: I purchased this power strip to take to Europe. Combined with a plug adapter, it was the perfect way to recharge our cellphone, camera and MP3 players. The receptacles are spaced far apart enough to allow you to plug in the bulky charger plugs. When not in use it wraps and plugs into itself for storage. And the blue light actually functioned as a night light in a series of strange hotel rooms, which was an unforeseen benefit.I'd recommend this without reservation.
I love this thing: I travel frequently with numerous electronics, and as one finds out many times there aren't exactly a lot of extra sockets in the hotel rooms.I bought this because I thought it would be good with all the adapters that I have. It has been awesome. It doesnt take up too much room and frequently I just throw it in my day bookbag. I could not be happier with my purchase.
great deal: travel a lot and never can find enough plugs in the hotel room to plug in my phone and computer this is a great deal
Great 80's movie: When I first saw this movie on video i immedaitally loved it. It had suspense, some good action and music. The only problem i had with it was the lousy editing, especially the diner scene with john goodman, it's obvious that this was switched around to the end probably to get the sequel ready. NOTE: Don't get CHUD II unless you are a die hard zombie fan it's worth a rental but that's it. Now that CHUD is finally on DVD, and unedited it's even better. You don't really care about the characters too much because most all of them are irritating anyway. But once tthe CHUD's start snatching people off the streets it's great fun to watch them scatter about in the sewers.
Very bad....: I don't understand why the producers of this movie chose Uruguay to make it look like a terrorist country. I am from Uruguay and the information shown in the movie is totally wrong.And some people say: " but it's not a documentary, this is all fiction"...I know it's not a documentary, but I would like to ask these people... would you like they use the Flag of your country to show your people as terrorists..?I think this is about RESPECT for other countries . The producers of this movie are insulting my country and it seems like an anti-tourism campaign instead of a movie.
Don't do it!: This is not the Seagal of the early nineties. Something has happened to him and it's not good. He's gained weight, does not move like before, and is hard to understand. The technical process is terrible. I will never buy another Seagal (I have 14 of the old ones) again and I think Amazon should seriously consider taking this off their site.
Simply Awful: If you thought that The Foreigner was bad, this is even worse. Ever since the Seagal/Nasso break-up, his movies have been vascillating between poor to fair, then back to poor. As much as Seagal is one of my faves, this movie was simply awful and almost tortuous to watch.
Silence of the Lambs in the Ghetto: This is a fine, fine book. Good job, Mr. Allen, and welcome to the dark, dark world of Thomas Harris.I went through alot to get it. You cannot find it in the store and that's not fair. But when it came I read it and liked it very much. What a great plot! I was completely fooled by the end, because I thought I knew who the killer was. I was so wrong. Mr. Allen has a very unique style that makes you want to read on. The story is real dark and surprising like Silence of the Lambs was, but in the ghetto. He has so much insight into his characters, male and female, and he always reveals the truth about them, good or bad. I was very sad about M Gantry's childhood with her sister. He is not just telling a good story, he makes you completely fall in love with M Gantry, the virgin detective, who is the best female action hero I've read about ever.I kept seeing this as a movie. I hope. I hope.Sincerely,Amelinda Fernandez
Braun's Great, But Van Patten's Got To Go: I am an avid audio book listener. Granted, I'm spoiled by George Guidall's excellent reading of the vast majority of Braun's "Cat Who" series. But Van Patten is a sad failure. Apparently Dove's editorial staff feared correcting him. He pronounces everything wrong: "Klingen-shone" instead of "Klingen-shane," for instance. He pronounces Nick and Laurie's last name "BAMba." The first syllable rhymes with "Tom," not "Pam." Twice he calls Euphonia Gage "Euphoria." He says Qwill will do his one-man Pickax history show for the Senior Care Faculty! He misread "Facility," and no one stopped the tape for another take. He inflects all wrong! He said Qwill "carried the cat coop-out" (meaningless) instead of "carried the cat coop out." What a disappointment for a Braun audio fan!
not the best: Not one of the better ones. Really shallowly written. Sounds like a ghost writer (the ghost writer's first book in the series) to me.
remastered,not restored!: yes i fell for it,one reviewer described this release of one of danny kayes classics in glowing terms, i am always sceptical about the quality of non studio releases but i bought it after reading praise of the picture quality.big mistake,it is washed out and not the crisp clear colourful picture i was expecting.with a great deal of adjustment on my dvd player and plasma i managed to get a passable picture ,but beware... in general terms the picture quality is mediocre and not worth the cost involved.
sad: this plastic box , It was name a vhs tape the prior owners to hold a movie? It's the very wores or I hope the wores that I will ever see! In most of the reviews I'm short too the point to say thank's, But to leave the web site to play the tape this time not the case. I wil be short only by , NO THANK'S
Funny but typical: This seems to follow a typical pattern of Danny Kaye movies: a zero turns into a hero. However, you'll also find laughable moments like Kaye's other works. It's funny, but it's not one of his best movies. If you could see this for free, I'd recommend watching it. Otherwise, you might want to watch one of Kaye's other, higher quality movies.
Not much help: This book was not much help to me when trying to learn about music of the classical and romantic era. The text is very vague and poorly written
Interesting, but another point on a downward trajectory: Eco's "The Name of The Rose" was a dense but excellent multilayered novel of medieval thought, history and politics cleverly organized by a plot aimed more at revealing the mindset of a changing period than telling a 'story' per se. "Foucault's Pendulum" attempted, less successfully, to do the same thing. With this novel Eco appears to have concluded that history is interesting enough not to require more than the most casual of plots to introduce; he's wrong. We've seen most of these ideas before, especially the thinly-disguised mean-spirited anti-clericalism that fuels the novel's 'wit'. Eco desperately needs the discipline of working in the short-story format!
Mediocre: After reading "The Name Of The Rose" and "Foucalt's Pendulum" Imust say this is a mediocre book for Eco's standards, who isunable to maintain the interest of the reader as the storyunfolds.The reason for this is that as I advanced on the lecture Irealized that it took me to nowhere. The use of a lot ofhistorical facts (which I don't really know if they are true ornot) and the mention of ancient books aren't enough to createthat feeling of "necessity" to know what is going to happen next.After finishing it I had the sensation that the two last hundredpages were very similar to many Evangelion chapters in whichShinji Ikari tries to find the meaning of life.Evangelion is a japanese anime, and this review stands for thespanish version of the book.
Pointless read with a handful of interesting tangents: island of the day before is a waste of time. I am a fan of umberto eco, first having read his fantasy novel baudolino and then getting to the name of the rose.i was hoping for at least a somewhat straightforward narrative, but this was like switching off between an adventure story without a climax every other chapter, alternated between chapters out of a philosophy textbook.I am ok with tangents and rhetorical flights of fancy, but not within the context of a boring and meaningless story.skip this and read name of the rose.Josh Brownhttp://thereformedbroker.com
A very good book- one story on top of another: This book is really wonderful. It all takes place upon an abandoned ship, where the main character, Roberto Del la Griva must overcome his imagination. You see his past filled with surprises. A wonderful story.
A fantastic journey to... where?: Eco's style and fluidity are again inspiring. Oh to be Roberto! Some of the time. At times I find myself a stowaway, at times I'm an adventurer. Sadly, I'm only looking towards the end of the chapter so that I may put the book down at a convenient place and go to sleep. It took me two months to tredge through this disappointment. If only Eco could keep up.
Write on but not wipe off: This product says write-on/wipe-off, but they have given the surface a matte finish that really provides a "smear-off" result. The words are wiped off, but a colored smear is left behind.Too expensive to return -- so will use and throw away. What a waste.
Not quite the best: I was looking for recipes that was easy and none complicated. To many of the recipes had ingredents that were not alway in your pantry. I also have the next Lorna J. Sass pressure cookers cook book. This book is very much the same as this one. But it has much of the alike recipes.
WTF?: This is worse than terrible and it isn't 90 minutes, thank GOD!!!!! It's about 76 minutes long and there is absolutely nothing interesting about it. Shirley Jones must have owed someone a favor, because not even she can pull this one out of the mire. A writer is penning a script and we, the audience, get to see how it plays out on stage, but everyone talks as if it's a movie. Confused? Doesn't matter. Have the fast forward ready, because you're gonna need it.
Why I won't buy it...: I have always wanted a DVD of this Nutcracker ballet company. But when reading the specs they said it won't play on recordable DVD's or PC's. I have a home theater system plus another DVD recorder/player so I don't want to take a chance it could be ruined or I wouldn't be able to play. Bummer!!!
Very Disappointing: I agree with the reviewer "Diatonic" - the prince looks like a lecher from Central Casting and moreover, Drosselmeyer came across as a creepy paedophile. I also disliked the character of Fritz, the little brother - instead of a mischievous little boy, he was a nasty, vindictive child.I found the camerawork particularly irritating. When I watch a ballet, I want to see the dancers' feet, not extended closeups of their faces. The voice-over was also totally out of place - traditonally, ballet relies on mime and dance to tell the story.I have several, far superior versions of the Nutcracker on DVD. The Royal Ballet Covent Garden's version by Fredrick Ashton; the Royal Swedish Ballet's delightful "Christmas Goat" version based on Swedish folklore; The Royal Dutch Ballet's "Sinterklaas" version; the Bolshoi's exquisite production with Nina Kaptsova and my absolute favourite, The American Ballet Theatre version with Mikhail Baryshnikov and Gelsey Kirkland.
Not what it is said to be: If you are even thinking of getting this gun, dont. You may see that it suppossedly was $100, but it isnt worth the $12 u pay for it. Really, this gun sucks! Half the stuff that came with it was broken, and there wasnt enough batteries for the excessories that it came with either. When I first saw it, I though "wow, that is a really good deal." now, i regret even buying it. It is a faulty piece of junk that cant event shoot straight. They want you to think that it is an awsome deal for a great gun, but trust me, IT IS NOT!!!!!!
Cute story, but Matt Dillon is all wrong for romantic lead: Matt Dillon was seriously mis-cast in this film. He came across as an unlikable, hopelessly plebian, crotch-scratching "dese, dem, and doze" low-class slob, while the lovely Annabella Sciorra seemed urbane, literate, and softly spoken. One wonders how these two ever got together in the first place. For people who supposedly grew up in the same neighborhood, the speech patterns are noticably at odds, with Dillon's character coming out at the bottom. The premise was predictable, the main character unlikeable, and the ending unbelievable. The supporting cast, however, was superb, considering what they were given to work with. Vincent D'Onofrio is wonderful as the shy pharmacist, Sciorra is a beautiful and engaging ex-wife to Dillon, and Mary Louise Parker comes across as a much better match for Dillon's character than Sciorra. If you want a good romantic movie, see Happy Accidents instead. Review refers to the VHS Tape edition
Crap bought from Amazon: I have never ever been sold just the inner part of a taper roller bearing!! Why have I been sold just the inner race which I thought was a fair price but now I have to source the outer cup separately making the deal quite a lot more. I ordered the inner wheel bearings for my RV at the same time and they have not arrived yt - I guess that will only be part of the bearing too.I will never buy from Amazon again.
An Excellent Horror Film!: One of my favorite horror films of all time. This film should not go unnoticed. A sleeper of sorts, although it did get a nationwide release in theaters, for some reason doesn't receive the acclaim it deserves. A superb cast, campy cinematography and a great (End of Days) storyline all come together to form this masterpiece. Unlike Bordello of Blood, this film doesn't cash in on buxom vampires but instead makes use of excellent creature effects and superb performances. Casting Billy Zane as the lieutenant of demons couldn't have worked out better. He brings his class and his wit to the table which adds a little comedy to the mix. If you've not seen this film then do yourself a favor and watch it.
I Thought It Was Laughable But...: A cool strong woman in Jada Pinkett Smith. A horror show that tackles religious themes. William Sadler (for me, that's a done deal) as the hero. And Billy Zane (wow) as the villain. I liked him more as this scenery-chewing monster than as Cal Hockley in Titanic.
This Movie is top notch in Horror cult classic status: Im a Horror buff and this movie ranks up there with the classic cult flims like evil dead and dawn of the dead
A work of genius: A work of genius, delightful, and exquisitely translated by Geoff Hargreaves. You can also find some of Morabitos's work and Hargreaves' translations in TAMEME.
Any more than 2 stars and you are just an Amy worshiper.: She has a killer voice and backed up with the real world passion of her origional back was a match made in heaven. This new thrown together corporate money grabber depends on the briliance of Amy's voice to sell it. Just another example of hype for the masses. This album has no teeth. It makes great mall/elevator music though.
Wouldn't have bought a second album if this were their first: Fallen was a very strong album--heck, I was hooked halfway through hearing the first single on the radio. And there were a couple strong songs since (Broken and Missing come to mind). On this one, Call Me When You're Sober and Lithium are strong but overall this album lacks the depth and spirit of Evanescence's first offering.I'm not sure if it's the lack of a male vocalist, or the loss of the influence on the songwriting that killed this album. I'd rather listen to Hungry Lucy, Within Temptation, or of course Fallen than this.
Disappointing: I waited patiently for years and finally they put out a new album. I was a huge fan of these guys because i believed "Fallen" was a great album. When their guitarist left i thought it was a big deal because his lyrics and musical contribution itself was a big part of this band. But the guitarist of Cold, another fav band of mine, took his place. So i thought at least they found a good replacement. But when i heard the new single i was somewhat disappointed, it was okay but it still wasnt even as good as the worst song off of "Fallen". This new album is different from the last one and you can feel the emptiness in the music without the old guitarist. Even the new lyrics are somewhat repetitive. I thought about giving this album 1 star but at least it had 4 or 5 decent songs.
What the?: The tracks on this CD are so complicated and so intelligible that it requires a supercomputer just to analyze it. The Open Door simply does not make any sense. A CD is supposed to contain music. This CD is has no music on it. Maybe if we sent a radio signal of this CD to outer space we'd get a response from E.T. In the meantime, if you want to buy a music CD from Evanescence, get the Fallen CD.
I don't see how people like this radio drivel: Bad..same as all the other radio, pre-made cookie dough rock. I don't know how people see the creativity in this...
Atrocious: This CD is just a horrible follow up to a band that had a great unique sound. Gone is the heaviness and darkness that surrounded their first CD. Instead, it has been replaced with over the top monotone singing by Lee. It worked in the first, but let's face it...the music is what makes her voice good...not the other way around. She belts out notes just fine, only there's no excitement or anything.Average singing...below average songwriting...nothing catchy.
wow: Service was fantastic! I received it BEFORE the date promised and I love this album! Top Notch service all around, will buy from again!
Excellent!: Not sure where people get that this is similiar to any other music out there. Evanescence is a breed of its own and their music is absolutely breathtaking!Anyone who loved the first one should love the second one just as much.Love it!
Say goodbye to Evanescence.: TOD is a pretty significant departure, musically, from "Fallen." She (and I say "she" because Amy Lee really is the band) tries to be more artsy and less ballsy but it just doesn't work. The result is musically dull melodrama with nothing to give it worth other than Amy's fabulous voice. Considering how good "Fallen" was and how long fans had to wait for the second release, this is a huge disappointment.I suspect the change in line-up has a lot to do with this; the real musician/songwriter obviously left the band. TOD is vaguely reminiscent of Tori Amos but not nearly as good. I suspect that this is the last we will ever hear from Evanesence. Hopefully, Amy Lee will do better with her next project.
DIE CHUCKY DIE DIE!!!: Viewed: 7/05Rate: 27/05: Oh, no. Another sequel of Child's Play. There is nothing new with Child's Play 3. It's just boring as hell, and the picture is stupid as bananas. All in all, there is nothing good to say about Child's Play 3, really.
Who writes these movies?: If you're over 14 you probably won't like this movie. I was really into it when it came out over a decade ago, but now it is completely unwatchable. It's nothing more than a silly puppet-show with "wacky" one-liners. It's so lame how they shake the little dolly to make him appear mad, when he's strangling someone. This movie takes place at a military academy and poor Andy is being pushed around by the big bad drill seargent, the big meanie! Oohhh... So dull.
41 Original Hits From The Soundtrack Of American Graffiti: This is a great soundtrack, my parents have this soundtrack on records. As a kid I use to listen to them constantly. I was excited to get it on CD. The music is great for all occassions and takes you back to a style of music that we do not hear anymore.
Snow Drift Cutter Kit: Rate 4 given because I have not been able to use them so far this year.Like the weight and mounting.Anyone that lives with big snow falls.
A fun retro gas station: The Bachmann Trains Gas Station was easy to put together and I had it done in just a few minutes. You have the choice of using Shell or Texaco decals. It would have been nice had the windows and doors had clear plastic in them but for the price, you can't beat this station. The one thing that looks cheesy is the car. I won't be using that. The only items I will be painting are the gas pumps. They look too white. I do plan to glue the inside of the station since it doesn't hold together well if you don't. Using glue inside the station will be easy since the walls lock together into place. Overall, the station looks good.
Keep shopping: I have owned this blanket for less than a month so I cannot make any judgment about its longterm durability, but the first (and only) time it was washed it shed like a buffalo in springtime, and the dye used on the "moss" green was not colorfast in warm water and detergent. I gave it two stars because it is reasonably warm, and has an attractive weave.
Crude Tool: 1. Not a very well made machine.2. Trying to add all of the options is impossible.3. The expander cannot be bolted into the machine.4. The drill bits are poor quality and difficult to install and use.5. The handle to pull the drill bit into the material is hard to pull. No touch at all using the handle.6. The machine came all greasy and was difficult to wipedown. It was a mess.7. It was easier to setup my drill press and use than using this machine.
Very poor quality: When this machine went on sale for $145 shipped, I decided to ignore some of the bad reviews and took a chance. Amazon got it to me within 2 working days without any external signs of damage. When I unpacked it, I saw that the metal casting around the motor assembly had broken into 2 pieces. I thought about getting a replacement, but when I inspected the edge of the metal which had broken off, I found that the metal used for the casting is of incredibly poor quality. It looked very brittle. There is no way this machine can stand up to even moderate use. I'm getting a refund and will pick up a Jet or something else.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Delta Mortising Manchie 14-651: I purchased this through Amazon and it came well packed and undamaged, unlike some other reviews I read. Perhaps they changed the packing system. Assembly wasn't too bad however putting the piston on was rather awkward as you have to compress it a little to make it fit. Fence was square to the table which is a must with one of these. I cut 16 3/8" mortises into Oak with relative ease as the large handle gives you plenty of leverage. So far I'm pleased with the tool and like it's rugged construction and large Cast iron table.
Professional?....Not even close: This is an example where pretty good engineering is erased by lousy quality control. The machine work is extremely rough and the table and fence took hours of grinding and filing to get them half way smooth. Once the parts are smooth enough to be assembled, you realize that the fence isn't square to the table. That takes more grinding and filing to correct. Now you get to actually use the machine - only to find that the chisel and bit don't line up with each other and neither is square to the fence. Shimming the column square to the table and then shimming the motor to get the chisel and bit in alignment finally yield a useable machine.This wouldn't be a bad machine if there was some quality control in the machining and assembly processes but unfortunately there isn't. My mortiser finally works OK but I really wish I'd bought a General or Powermatic.
Great tool: I was torn between the Jet and this unit - especially after reading the reviews about the Delta unit getting broken in transit on more than one occasion. I figured that everyone seemed happy IF it arrived in one piece, so I took a chance. Happily, mine came in unscathed. Set up was quick and easy and in no time, I had made my first mortise with it. I have yet to really put it through its paces, but so far, I love it.
FP38 Cabin Filter: This filter fits my 2002 Ford Focus SVT perfect.For some reason Ford Motor Company decided to "cut costs" and not install these from the factory. Instead they used a black filler piece which filters absolutely NOTHING. Glad I found this and it's not a bad price.
Love Jodeci: Jodeci has always been one of my favorite bands. Diary of A Mad Band is one of my favorite albums. They always deliver great music that is soulful, genuine and packed full of romance! As their sophmore follow up to Forever My Lady, which is the best by far,they certainly do not disappoint. My favorite tracks are the slow songs, Feenin, My Heart Belongs To You, and What About Us which are perfect romantic mood setters! The fast tracts are bold and flirtatous yet fun. KC and Jojo's vocals are passionate and heartfelt in every track. Jodeci has delivered some of the best R&B love songs of all time! Part of the reason I Love Jodeci and this album!
STILL FOREVER JODECI: THIS CD IS BASICALLY VERY GOOD AS FAR AS THE SLOW SIDE GOES, I COULD DO WITHOUT THE DANCE SIDE, SAME AS THE 1ST CD, BUT I STILL LOVE THESE BOYS...ALWAYS
Good with some small changes: I have had the product for over a year. As noted by others the bag change is a problem (painful and dirty). I have a small shop area and this machine fit in space I had. I did add one of the separators that fit on a trash can and it worked fair for me. The bags seem to leave a little more fine duct in the shop than I wanted. I put on Penn State Industry oversized 1 micro bags which improved the working of the separator and the decreased the dust. All in all, a good choice for a small shop. I wish I had more room as I would put in a larger one as I have a large planer and this model is just a little undersized for it.
Loud and unstable: If it wasn't for the really low price on this I would be very upset with the purchase. It's my first Delta tool and has left me disappointed. It is much louder than the other reviews indicate. Forget talking to anyone while it's on (in a small shop at least). It is also very top heavy and is extremely easy to tip. Hit one expansion joint in the concrete and down she goes. I'm trying to figure out a way to put it in the attic and run hoses because otherwise I can't see myself using this dust collector.
Time to throw in the towel: I thought this CD was horrible....Personally I think if your a old school G&R fan or an STP fan you will be throughly disappointed as I was..."Slither" is one of the only decent songs on the CD (and I stress decent because it is not that great)...Maybe its just me but I really really thought it did not live up to STP or G&R type of expectations...Maybe a better producer would have helped..Want to hear a meshing of 2 bands for a good sound then go get AUDIOSLAVE...just click your back button and get as far away from this CD...
Better than expected: This CD rocks, and actually has me excited again about music. I would put it this way: If GnR's Appetite for Destruction and STP's Core got together and had a kickass kid, it would be Contraband. I say that because, you can sense a little of both in it, but it is still it's own album, and it rocks from beginning to end. BUY IT, it's worth it.Suggested Use:Listen to 3 times a day.Common Side Effects:Urge to drink hard liquor and drive at excessive speeds.
Pretty good rock album: "Contraband" by Velvet Revolver isn't as good as Guns n' Roses or Stone Temple Pilots, but it still packs a few good rock tracks on. "Slither", "Fall To Pieces", and "Dirty Little Thing" are some of my favorites. Add it to your collection if your looking for a new rock album to add to your library.
Completely Uninspired: I bought this cd the day it came out, purely based off of personel. What a mistake! Every song on this record is completely forgettable, uninspired, contains terrible lyrics, and most suffer from downright poor performances. I honestly can't sing one line of lyrics or any of the vocal lines form this recording.Also, this band sounds stuck in the 90's hard rock sound. It sounds like a band playing out thier last bit of material before the culture passes them by. All the riffs sound like they are recycled from 90s rock bands that actually knew how to write.With muddy production, dirty perfromances, out-of tune vocals, and meaningless self-concious lyrics, this is sure to dissapoint any fan of Guns n Roses or Stone Temple Pilots. If I didn't know who was playing on this record, I would have called it a very bad imitation of STP.do yourself a favor and skip this overhyped CD.
I was expecting so much more.: I don't really have much to say. I really can't praise this album.....at all.Since I had the chance to listen to it repeatedly at the cd store I work at, it NEVER grew on me. Sad to say. I wish it was something else but seems Scott wants to emulate Axl Rose and I don't really particularly care for him much either, so it's a double whammy right there.Buy it if you want to. Seems everyone else likes them. I just don't.
Lose Your Illusion...: I really try to like this, I do. There are about 2 tracks on this disc that sound okay. The rest sound complacent, burned-out and just plain tired. But the dull song structure, the indifferent singing and the "30 layers midrandge" sound mix do not a brilliant CD make. As washed-up '80s bands go, the Cult's last CD creates a far better illusion of a real band at work. I credit the failure of this Velvet Revolver release to a lack of texture in Slash's rhythm sounds, Weiland's semi-comatose state impairing his very slight talent, and a general lapse of creativity - really, how much can you do to save such a swaggering dogpile just with clever mixing and a brilliant drummer?
Excellent CD: I think I approached this CD from a different angle than most people. I heard the CD before I knew who the band members were! I told my friend "hey, Velvet Revolver is really good!" and when he informed me that the band was Slash, Matt, and Duff from GnR (Big fan) plus Scott Weiland... I was shocked! I had never heard they were teaming up, but boy was I thrilled. My point is that this is really good music, not just hype. Some songs ring of GnR a bit (Fall to Pieces) but it is truly a new sound. These guys are veterans and they know what they're doing. Buy this album!
Almost Every Song Is A Hit !!!: I love Guns N Roses and when I heard that Slash and Duff were going to make a superband I was hyped about it. It took me a few weeks to pick this up after it came out but when I did I fell in love with it :) Some of the best songs on it are Slither (the single), Big Machine, Headspace, Superhuman, and basically all of the others except for 1.I'm really looking forward to the sequel to this and it's coming out in less than 7 days - so it's already a must buy for me :)
It's OK: I really didn't know what to expect so I wasn't disappointed. But I wasn't all that impressed, either.Scott Weiland's vocals tend to get buried in the wall of well, 'noise' produced by the others. It's difficult to understand the lyrics until about the tenth repetition. Lots of almost-thrash.The third cut, Big Machine, was actually my favorite.
good for getting girls to dance @ a party-that's all!!!: god,what a truly trendy album.it's like,they gotta make $ but at what expense?!if you've already bought into it,whatever,but it still sounds like chick-rock you'd hear at the cheap strip clubs if you ask me.(which you didn't,but oh well.)stick with old gnr,early pantera,slayer,pumpkins,alice,or anything else with soul-driven material.....keep away from the nu-metallers with dollar signs in their eyes.
Contrafan: Come on...we BUY the CD and can't put it on our ipod!!Sure install software to create security breaches in your system.AND only 2 good songs...what a rip.1 star for the music.-1 star for greed. THIS IS A HUGE ZERO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People judge the music: I was looking forward to this CD and I can say that I am not disappointed at all. While I am disappointed that it is difficult to rip into my computer, I will not judge the CD by that at all, I agree with those who say that we should only be reviewing the music, and the music is kick a$$. SET ME FREE, and SLITHER are the first two songs most fans will recognize or have heard before and those two songs rock. FALL TO PIECES, SUCKER TRAIN BLUES, DO IT FOR THE KIDS, BIG MACHINE, HEADSPACE, hell the whole album is worth listening to. If you are a fan of GNR or STP, then this album is for you. If you are like me and tired of the cheap manufacted music that is so popular today and enjoy real rock music, then go out now and by this. I dont think you will be disappointed at all.
faded glory: I heard this CD initially from a friend's burned off copy, and it sounded bad. Then I read Brandon Fuller's complaint, and was afraid that burning the CD caused a problem, so I went out and bought a copy. I guess the CD just sucks, because it sounds just like my friend's burned copy, bad.
Not PC friendly!!!!!!!!!!!!!: Warning, there is a catch with this CD. You MUST download a program from BMG to even listen, let alone make a legal copy, of this CD on a PC. It says that this program will not report any of your personal information back to BMG. My question is, if it will not report back any personal information then why is it a program installed on your computer instead of a password, or code, like software? I dont beleive it, not for one second. So I will not install it, especially here at work. So I have a new CD that I can only play in my car until it gets scratched. Thanks BMG, that is the last of my money you will ever see.
A dreadful album, from a stupid band.: This band was a terrible idea, there is'nt one song on here that could be considered a classic except for "Slither".The rest is just Scott Weiland going "Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and when I want to!! Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"and there is'nt one outstanding guitar solo from the respectable Slash of Guns n Roses.What are people thinking?"Fall to pieces" and "Loving the alien" contain no melody or "real" tune whatsoever and are easily frogettable, and annoying now "Fall to pieces????????If scott weiland returned to the stone temple pilots, that would be for the best.Maybe they can reddem themselves with their next album.
Overblown overhyped: You would think the the history of the artists combining for this CD would mean something new and exciting. NOT! Same old tired routines that these artists have been selling the braindead fans for the last few years. They aren't concerned with making people think with new and different sounds. They are concerned with selling to people that have no imagination!
Astra Yarn - Ombres: Believe it or not,I am crocheting a throw with this product right now. It is so soft, the colors are beautiful, and it is so easy to work with. I love this yarn.
Great, low-budget mayhem!!!: If you've seen some of director Eric Stanze's more recent work like ICE FROM THE SUN or SCRAPBOOK, you might want to take a look at this fun, gory, low-budget flick.It's got a fairly complex storyline, decent acting, and above-average special make-up effects (considering the low-budget).Yeah, it's a little rough around the edges, but the moviemaker's enthusiasm for the project definitely helps push SAVAGE HARVEST beyond its budgetary restrictions.If you're a fan of indie horror, check it out!
Apocryha: This a perfect addition to yourBible. It was once part to the Bible andgives the reader more to study and understandsome of the references to the stories it containsthat may be mentioned in other religious literature.
Robuster: For the money not a good buy.The book is old and can be bought at any used book store for a quarter.I love everything he has wrote and bought this book when it came out.It started me on the Burke bandwagon.Good book but way over priced.Save your hard earned money and buy USED.
Another that deserves "zero Stars" ...: Come on people, use your head before you buy a book about "Celtic" spirituality that contains CHAPTERS devoted to using the "four elements" - and idea that is NOT Celtic or to be found in Celtic spirituality, but is in fact Greco-Roman. What this book really is about is Wiccan spirituality with a Celtic cover, masquerading a "woman's spirituality". It is very "Goddess" centered, which is nice I'm sure for feminists, but the Celts were Polytheistic with male AND female dieties, not to mention other spiritual beings which the author lumps together as "fairies" (another inaccuracy). There are plenty of decent books on Celtic Women's Studies, from authors like PB Ellis, Miranda Green, Jean Markale, to mention a few. Look there instead of here!
Great for Senior Citizens: If you like boring music and cool video transitions this is the movie for you. I think the editor of this movie was having more fun playing with the transition effects buttons on his new PowerMac than actually trying to get people excited about climbing. Of you want to see the physical strength, agility, mental toughness, pain, excitant, and exposure all inherent in the sport of rock climbing, this is not the movie that will get your endorphins flowing. If on the other hand you like still video shots of lakes, ponds, streams, and flowers this is a must see.
Easy setup car seat good fit and easy to use: We have this seat and an evenflow.The good: This one is the seat that I choose to move from car to car (grandma etc) since it's fasten system is the easiest of every car seat I have ever used, both forward and backwards. It makes it worth the price alone. My son got sick in it and I was able to take the cover off and machine wash even though it says not to and air dried it. Worked great! The Velcro for straps helps keep them out of the way when putting them into the seat and prevents twisting.The Bad: It sits so high my son can kick the seat in front of him much to my wife's dismay. Rear facing in a small car requires it is between the seats for proper installation. Taking the cover off requires rethreading the belts as does changing sizes, but you should have to do this rarely.Bottom line, I would buy it again.
lock-offs seem flimsy: I bought the britax because in my opinion, you can't put a price on safety! However, the easy forward facing lock-offs seem poorly made, When I went to buckle my son in today, the lock-off was released. Now I can't seem to get it tight no matter what. I had a similar problem with the Britax Marathon, but after exchanging it, it has been fine. I guess I'm off to try another roundabout as well :(
missed opportunity: I was waiting for this book to come out for a while and I got one of the first copies that came out. I am hugely disapointed. Ofcourse, the pictures are great and there are large paragraphs on physical description and plumage, but unbelievably, there are no range maps and the descriptions of habits, behavior and migration patterns are almost like footnotes after a page long dictionary like description of plumage. I compare this book to the similar princeton guide to north american sparrows, which has incredible descriptions of behavior and great rangemaps, and I call this book a massive disapointment. So if you want a page long summary of physical description, buy this book, otherwise save your money.
Danner Pronghorn: Best Snakeboots you can own! When the Jackel snakeboot was discontinued, this was Danners only other choice. The Jackel is back now and is on order!! The Pronghorn is much more of a working boot, where as the Jacket is more of a hunting/stalking kind of boot. Lighter and more flexible than the Pronghorn. The Pronghorn is also an inch taller, which gives a little bit more secure feeling out in the marsh and saltgrass. Love them both!
Did not fit Kohler toilet - returned item: Plumber could not install this handle on Kohler toilet. The color was right but the fit was wrong. I returned this item.
Product great, won't match other bronze items: Since others have reviewed the funtionality of this product, I won't reiterate the previously formed statements - they're true. However, my review is for the color of this series just in case you're like me and can't find all the pieces and need to match colors. Well, if you have Delta's and/or Moen's oil-rubbed bronze items, this WILL NOT match at all! It has a sort of like orange hue instead of the actual bronze that the above mentioned products have. I personally was surprised at this, thinking that I would be able to match Danco's with Delta's. It just won't work - the colors are really that different and varied. Personally, I prefer the Delta - it has an elegance and refinement in color cohesion that this Danco fails to exert. It just looks orange - great if you're going for an Indian theme, however, or if you're looking to do an art-deco bath. But, if you're going for the contemporary or Victorian look, stick with Moen or Delta.
it never flushed correctly, and the lever eventually broke: The cheapo plastic lever that came with the new toilet worked incredibly better than this product, and the to add to the aggravation of it never flushing properly, the handle of the lever broke off after a month or two.
Same as Tayama Air Cooler TC-998-BAD!: This unit is the same as the Tayama Air Cooler TC-998 and works as poorly.Only after filling the entire tray with ice and water chilled overnight does this thing have any cooling effect and even than, it's only for an hour or so.Anything less then ice and ice water will do nothing more than generate humidity and waste power.Save your money and buy a real AC unit for supplemental cooling.
A piece of junk: The remote worked well but that was about it. It did not put out any cool air. I've since purchased a Ultracool with the same capacity (water and BTU reduction) and it works very well. It keeps my entire 29' Fifth wheel at very livable temps. For instance, yesterday the hottest temp was at 4 pm (99 degrees) and that was the first time I turned on the AC. Had been using the evaporative (swamp) cooler all day long. Only used the AC (1,500 watts) for 3 hours yesterday and 8 hours of 60 watt evaporative cooler. That's a substantial savings. I expect this $180 swamper to recoup its cost this summer alone. Next year will be all pure savings.
Why is everyone bitching?: You're supposed to give GOOD records GOOD reviews...duuuuh. See there is SOME good hardcore that is creative. And now the mountain of imitators comes....agghh, damn u hardcore kidz...
Not impressed compared to Red Herrings: It is OK but I would expect much higher level for the author. Plots are no captivating, too much getting into detail which does not benefit the experience. All other Archer's book will keep me awake till I find out what is going on except for this one. I just ticked the box that I read it.Archer is my favourite author today, i started reading his book in November 2012 and have only couple left. Enjoyed all of them except for this one.
Perfect purchase: I'm a 57yo female with medium size hands. I love having all the different colors and strength. I've recently started martial arts and firearm safety classes. My firearm instuction mentioned I need to strengthen my trigger finger. This is an excellent way to do that. Smooth transaction. Glad I purchased.
Handy, but vibration noises: Needed something small; this collectors is relatively small and portable and does the trick. Arrived in a box that I felt may not be adequate to protect its contents, but it turned out fine. The collector arrived in perfect condition; nothing was damaged, and it seems to be well made.The collector works fine. The only complaint I have is that it sometimes tends to make loud noises; I think these are vibrations from the fan being transferred into the rest of the metal enclosure. When I move the handle or otherwise change the contact between 'fan-enclosure' and base just a little bit, the noise disappears. Probably end up putting some rubber or thick paper between motor and fan housing so that they cannot make a hard contact and transfer vibration.
Good Dust Collector But.....: This device works well as a dust collector but not a chip collector. I have tried to use it with a thickness planer but the chips clog on the intake opening cross bar. It works with my router dust vent okay. I assume it work okay with an sanding table. Don't expect too much from this.
Poor workmanship: The stone fell out of the setting the first time I wore it. Luckily I found the stone right away. I placed the ring and the stone in a small pocket in my purse as I had nothing else to store it in at the time.The "gold" setting was so flimsy that it bent out of shape while it was in my purse for a few hours.
$2.99 ea?: I'm still trying to figure out what people are saying here. 24 moozles at $66 = $2.75 ea. And yes that is each. But even at $2.99 each, that's a deal compared to what I pay at my local pet supply. It's $3.99 each there. So if I buy the 24 at $2.75, that's a savings of $1.24 ea even before taxes. Humn $1.24 x 24 = $29.76. Don't know where everyone has been shopping, but if you can find me a better deal, let me know. As soon as I get an extra $66, I'm biting on it - so to speak.
Just wretched: An incoherent mess from an anvil-handed hack, and a hell of a lot closer to "Plan Nine From Outerspace" than "Begotten". I wish I'd flushed my ten bucks down the toilet. At least that wouldn't have required 2 hours of my life. If anyone recommends this movie to you, there's a 99% chance his last name is "Stanze".
The 700 Club is better than this film: This could possibly be the worst film I have ever seen. The acting is absolutely AWFUL.. I mean like the kind you don't even need to make fun of because it just isn't worth the effort. The cinematography is that of a 7 year old with daddy's video camera.. no worse than that. And the story is told in the refreshing manner of that...kid down the street who just got a new pack of Pokemon cards.I recommend this film to you only if your television only recieves The 700 Club.. and you have an allergic reaction to quality.
This is one of my favorite books: This book is especially helpful if you would like to quilt your own projects but find the bulk of a quilt too much to handle.The projects are fun. The pictures are great and the concept is easy.
Impressive!!!!: The quality of the Video is outstanding, I really learned alot.The techniques here are awesome for self-defense for today.
Great: Love this thing and it works great. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because when I got it it came with NO bag like the other reviewer got and it wasn't in the box. If I didn't know what I was doing I wouldn't know how to use it. It was just bubble wrapped in a big box with no directions. Over all I'm very happy.
Expectations dashed: I liked SG's first CD so much I went out and bought this one sight unseen (ear-unheard?). I disliked the slower ballad songs from the first CD and was hoping he would have at least an equal mix on the new one. No way. It was full of slow and boring ballads. Shaun, go back to your roots! Songs like "Should I Tell Them", "After the Music Fades", "Satellite", "Move Me", and "Damage Done" were what made you semi-famous so fast in the first place. Why didn't you follow that same formula for success in your new album? Leave slow ballads to Jars of Clay, as you really aren't that good at the slow stuff (sorry guy!) and keep making the semi-heavy metal type songs with awesome lyrics found in your first album, that you are SOOOO good at. I'm so dissapointed... In fact, I think I'll go sell it on ebay or something. I should have sampled the songs or downloaded them via K---- first prior to purchasing it. What a waste. Sorry man.
ARE THESE SHIPPING PRICES CORRECT?: CHECK AMAZONS SHIPPING PRICES CLOSELY BEFORE BUYINGPORTER CABLE 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW $9.99DELTA 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW $49.99(SAME SAW AS PC ABOVE)DEWALT 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW FREEHOW CAN THIS BE ? THESE PRICES FOR SHIPPING ARE AS OF NOV. 4 2005
Nice cut: Great cutting saw, the twin lasers make lining up and cutting a snap! I put a diablo 80-tooth finish blade on my Delta Mitre saw to cut some moulding, and was amazed at the cut, incredibly smooth and very easy to line up quickly with the laser system. Changing both the mitre and the bevel was a snap. Great saw. I have not tried the stock blade, since I was doing finish work I wanted a higher tooth-count blade, so I cannot comment on the stock blade.
bad book: the book is poorly writen. fight of ideas. can not keep focus. waste of time to read it. I would rather stick with Harry potter.
boring: I didn't like this book. It was silly and juvenile in a bad way. I can tell it was his first book.
Junk: A jointer is supposed to allow you to put a square edge on stock (so, for example, you could join them together with glue and have a flat surface).This machine's fence is so poorly thought out, I wonder if Delta had anyone test it before they went into production.No matter how hard you lock it down (assuming you can get it square to the bed, which is a big assumption), it flexs, so it is just about impossible to get a square edge.I may try to make a fence of my own, perhaps a fixed wooden fence with the whole jointer on some sort of hinge. Otherwise, it's pretty worthless.dan
Put Your money toward something better: I'm on my second Delta jointer planer. The first planer was delivered with a bent in-feed table. The table was bent one half an inch down at the end of the table and had a large chip in the table top. It looked so bad I just look at it and shook my head in disbelief. I sent it back, then I re-ordered. The second jointer came with two cracked tables plus a dent in the edge of the out-feed table. Both tables had a dip in the center of over 24000 of an inch plus some nicks in the top's. It was useless to me. If you pay your hard earned money for a tool and that tool does not do the job it was intended to do then it's junk and not worth the money you paid. I was really wanting this to be a good jointer because it was just the right size for my shop and was not that heavy. I guess you just can't beat Cast Iron.Don't waste you time on this Cheap Delta unit. Everyone that gave this unit a bad report was right. I should of listened.
Paranormal romance done right: A more engaging novel than the two previous in the Harmony series, Ghost Hunter is the tale of Cooper Boone, ghost hunter guild boss of the Cadence suburb of Aurora Springs, and Elly St. Clair, daughter of a guild boss with a new psi talent, the ability to resonate with plants. Cooper and Elly are on the trail of some drug dealers and a 'blue freak,' a hunter who can make and manipulate blue ghost energy, something previously unheard of.Because of the nuances of these two rare psi talents, I found this story to be more interesting. Castle is a master of creating a world and then building up on it. Her paranormal romances resonate with exciting twists. Really, it's like reading three genres at once: romance, science fiction, and mystery. I would definitely recommend this book to a fan of any of those genres.
Good Read: Well Done! Good story, well put together, follows nicely. I hope that she will stay with the story lines more.
An embarassment to all involved: Be advised that this was, quite possibly, the worst animated cartoon I have ever seen - a waste of time, money, and videotape. The cartooning is third rate and the dialogue is wooden. Fortunately, there is very little singing, but the few songs that remain are executed with grating performances. Spare yourself, and take a pass on this title.
Beautiful Cake Stand: Enjoyed this beautiful cake stand. Added to the cake very nicely. Bride and Groom were very pleased.
La Conjugaison por tous: Indispensable. It's THE reference for verbs and verbal grammar. I much prefer it to "501 Verbs" because (1) it concisely provides each unique conjugation pattern once and only once (which makes it easier to learn the pattern), and (2) irregular forms are highlighted in red.If you haven't finished at least one year of college French (maybe two) I'd suggest that you start with the English version. There's a tremendous amount of information in the grammer section that you really won't understand well until you speak pretty decent French. What I'd really like to suggest is that you buy both versions, Use the English book until you are comfortable with the one in French and then pass it on to some budding Francophile. Bonne chance!
Good Text Book: I needed this for a history class last semester. It came quite quickly and was very useful. This was an interesting book and did a good job of going into racial inequality issues in Detroit.
A well-written and unbiased look at the sad story of Detroit: As a resident of the metro Detroit area for the first 30 years of my life who finally fled last year, I write this review with a bit of nostalgic sorrow. What happened to Detroit - formerly the fourth most populous city in the U.S. and once considered the "Paris of the Midwest" - is nothing short of a very sad, sad tale.The Origins of the Urban Crisis does an excellent job at going all the way back to examine the causal factors, with a decidedly un-biased eye. The sad reality is that there's more than enough blame to go around on all sides, and the book details this without stooping to broad-sweeping generalizations; instead, it presents the facts & supporting arguments for your review.I will warn that it's a bit over-whelming in that one constantly asks themself "what could have prevented that" and "would X have worked" as they read tale of riot after riot, and injustice after injustice.
The Years Before AC/DC: Don't waste your money. I read other reviews after purchasing this item. All it contains is three early songs by Bon Scott with an image of Angus Young playing guitar. Note: Bon Scott was with another band or solo when he recorded these early songs. Your better off just buying a CD with his music. Also, this DVD doesn't not play in just any DVD it has to be adaptable to play it. Don't bother unless you plan to return it!
A study in the might of the federal government: I was taught in school (the place where all my historical falsehoods began)that the civil war was a righteous battle to end slavery. This book gives a different perspective and exposes the federal government as the bully that I have come to know that it is. The constitutional rights of states are thoroughly explored in the states relationship to the federal government. The constitution has flaws in it by giving rights to some people living in the US at that time but not extending rights equally to all human beings. I wish by now that we could have evolved as a country to extend our belief in free rights to all people whether they are citizens or not and whether they are standing on our soil or not but we haven't. This book had some very interesting arguments on constitutional principals as well as examples of abuses of power by the federal government bringing to me a new perspective on the civil war that I was previously unaware of.
the hubris!: Ugh. Roger Fishbite left me feeling cheap and used. I can't fathom how in the world this recent wave of authors (Praeger, Pia Pera, etc.) could have such hubris as to ape/parody Nabakov's masterpiece "Lolita". I imagine that they would argue that they're giving voice to the voiceless nymphet. But really, after reading several of these novels, in portraying Lucky, Lo, etc. as such charmless little harpies, I can honestly say they sure aren't doing the girls any favors.Praeger is obviously a talented, funny and clever writer, but this was a ridiculous project. I hope to read something else of hers wherein she has not hitched her wagon to someone else's star as she has here with Nabakov.
Smiled the whole way through: Ok, based on the other reviews the author appears to either tickle your fancy... or not. I enjoyed the book: light-hearted fare, intelligent humor (gotta love the cat), tongue-in-cheek story line, creative characterization, what's not to like? I for one will be reading more of Eric Flint's fun farcical fiction (apologies for that aside). Thanks Eric!
..only because there is no zero star rating: Shamelessly derivative of Terry Pratchett's Diskworld series, difffering primarily in the fact that it is free of plot, interest, or humor, if you define humor as being funny. I read over two thirds of the book before I realized there was nothing there. Thanks for wasting eleven hours of my life. As our illustrious commander in chief said, "fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, won't get fooled again."
to tight, to much effort ....: The sleeves were too tight to put on the product, and I wound up feeling like I was breaking the controler. I didn't thankfully, and just wound up throwing this out, it wasn't worth the money or effort
Review of Major Dundee: The disk arrived in a timely manner and was in excellent condition.The film, although of course dated, was very interesting and enjoyable. I much prefer Charlton Heston in dynamic roles such as this to in his "epic" roles such as Moses in The Ten Commandments. He seemed a real person in this film. Richard Harris is also excellent, as are the supporting cast. All in all I enjoyed the film very much and am glad that I bought it.
It may be a fine comentary on the futility of war but it makes for a less than satisfying entertainment.: It's hard to tell what might have been without the reportedly significant studio editing and tampering with Peckinpah's movie. It would probably have been better. I doubt that it would have been great. There are some good scenes and good performances but overall the movie just drags along and then peters out at the end. It may be a fine comentary on the futility of war but it makes for a less than satisfying entertainment.
Hooray for Vintage Books!: This was the original book to the sequel before the author became famous. I ordered this after someone lost my paperback version.
Unforgettable Mama: I must say I found this book to be very enjoyable and quite a page turner. There were times I found myself both laughing out loud and weeping. This book can run the emotions. I highly recommend it as a great alternative to watching television.
Mother of a 3 and 4 yr old girls: Both my girls loved this toy. I needed something to keep them busy when I went out of town and I bought this toy and they spent hours playing together with this set. What I like most about it is all the stuff that comes with it fits inside of it and it is easy for them to clean up on their own.
Great Movie: I really love this movie. I watched about 3 times back to back. I like Kelly Preston because even though she was pretty...she definitely had a cute little potty mouth. I like the part when she wasted spaghetti sauce on her brand new pants...and she was cursing her butt off. I laughed so hard. Great movie!
A Secretly Good Film, often forgotten but worth a watch: Ever wondered what would happen if you told someone how you felt only to not sign the letter? A string of romantic comedies and love triangles and confusion results when a secret admirer letter is misplaced. It's a surprise that this flick is quite well written and well cast. The happy ending is exactly what you want. Instead of running away for a year on a plane the real sweetheart is about to sail away on a ship having won a "Year at Sea" highschool scholarship. When both admirer and admired jump ship it's an adorable finale to so much romantic comedy and misinterpretations!
A beautiful film: I like it very much.And i fall in love, yes I love Jimmy Tuckett, is beautifull.I like the way the film show the life the new musicians and actors have to pass through when they go to Hollywood in searchof oportunities.
I would not purchase this for someone else glad it was for my own baby: It arrived in a box however the plastic it was packed in once you opened the box was so dirty and black I just knew I would have to send it back however once I took it out the plastic it wasn't damaged or dirty at all just very wrinkle
Absolutely Fiery!: This is the perfect book for anyone who has owned, owns or wants to desperately have a Firebird!Very well written, with lots of knowledge!You can feel, that the Author has much love for cars- especially The Fabulous FirebirdsThank you Mr. Michael Lamm for this wonderful example of perfect detailing!!
ok flick: This was one of lana clarkson's last movies before she was murdered by phil spector I believe. She deserved better than this very low budget flick which is ok at best. And it's not her fault it's just not the best done flick.
We wore out the CD!: Seriously. They say that CDs are supposed to be indestructable (under normal conditions, of course) but we really did wear this one out, we listened to it so much. There is simply no better band at combining the traditional with the modern and giving everything they do a punch. Buy it and you won't regret it... until you wear it out and have to buy another one!
Does the job: Hi there,We have a big yoga studio that we use it to clean up the floors. We love it as it covers a lot of space in a shorter amount of time. I recommend this product.
Bollywood at its best: Starts out appearing to be a light-hearted typical film, then transforms into a deeply moving drama. Bollywood at its best!
this product has issues: I loved it the minute I got it, but it has one fatal flaw. The numbers on the tempature dial all rubbed off. I called customer service and this is a common problem. In about 4 to 6 weeks I will get a new dial... what a hassle. I say get a different product and save yourself 4 to 6 weeks. Other than that I love it. :)
Thought provoking: Life and death, side by side. She was tortured and brilliant. An amazing woman who was put through hell. Surprising she made it as far as she did.
Luminous!: A collection of well-crafted poems that take the reader across rural landscapes, through hospitals and henhouses, and into the bright, ever hopeful minds of people. There's Joe, who remembers in his Alzheimer fog the brilliant June day of courtship long ago. There's Ida, who seeks comfort from her chickens. And there's cocktail-swilling Winnie, a God-talking rooster, a punk teenager,and a refrigerator so new that it too is practically living and breathing. This is a lovely book, peopled with intriguing characters, and well deserving of its awards.
Tajmah's Review: When I recieved the Norton Field Guide to Writing it looked as though it was practically brand new. No problems with it. I recommmend this product.
Great set -- does fit in knife block!: I almost didn't buy this set because another reviewer said the larger knife didn't fit in the knife block that comes with the 13-piece set. But I went ahead...and the knife fits easily in my knife block. I love all these knives, especially the Santoprene handles, which are very comfortable. I'm not much of a cook and this line of Henckels knives suits my needs, and are priced great!
Violence doesn't make a movie exciting: I bought the film 'cos I wanted to see a realistic movie. This is not what I imagined.This is just violent, that's it. This is like the famous doom game. Very unrealistic.That lot's of violence doesn't make it better. This movie makes you brutal too. If youhave made the mistake to order it then buy a romantic movie or a comedy to keep the balance.(Example the Crazy/Beatiful a nice one.)And this was not that exciting action movie. Sometimes it was boring what changed to blood, and so on. The english dubbed is simple horrible.If you wanna buy an action movie where you are made to stick in front of the screenthen buy a Schwarzennegger movie. If you like martial arts, buy the RoyalWarriors with Michelle Yeoh. It's one of my favorite and it is better in every aspect than this one of a thousand one movie.Anyway, next time I'll buy a Robert Williams movie.At least it is entertaining, makes me excited and makes me think of life.
FOX LORBER EDITION IS TERRIBLE!: You are looking at an edition by Fox Lorber Films. I love this movie but this particular transfer onto DVD is TERRIBLE. The picture looks horrible and the audio is the WORST I've EVER seen on a DVD. Will SOMEBODY please issue a decent edition of Hard-Boiled or The Killer on DVD (yes I know about the criterion collection but I don't have $250.00 to spend on it now that they are out of print!).
Cory has better videos than this one ...: I bought this video but ended up returning it. It's not for a home workout but more a gym tutorial. Plus it is not done in Cory's normal style. Sorry Cory... If you are looking for some really good tapes by Cory, I highly recommend these three: Cory Everson Get Hard - Arms and Shoulders; Cory Everson Get Hard - Abdominals and Glutes; Cory Everson's Total Workout. I use these three tapes weekly and am sore after each workout.
delta seven weeks and still waiting: If I knew what I know now I would think twice about buying delta products. Longer warranty does not mean that they can obtain the needed parts for service . For example I turned in my dp350 to an authorized service center 12-30-2004 for defective drill speed adjuster guess what? they could not obtain the needed parts til today 2-19-2004. Can you go without a needed tool for that length of time? Other delta products I own ,portable 12.5" planner and a 2 stage dust system. when I replace these items it will not be made by delta.
Great Bench top Drill press for the money: Purchased this unit as a gift for my father. I am very impressed with the unit. The drill press is plenty powerful enough for a home workshop and the variable speed pulley system is great. We have not had any issues with the spring coming undone and it looks like they might have redesigned the spring clip for the pulley. I only have two negative comments. First in order to lubricate the pulleys you have to remove six screws. It would be better if they had a hinge and quick release. The second issue was in the packaging and shipment. The box came destroyed with the styrofoam in several small pieces. The unit was not damaged and I fault the carrier for this issue.Overall a great unit and I am very impressed with all that you get for this price.
DON'T BUY IT!: I should not have ignored all the poor reviews I found on several sites about the variable speed control on this drill press. I figured they had tried to adjust it when it wasn't running. I took delivery on this drill press yesterday. The very first time I turned it on and, SLOWLY AND GENTLY, tried to adjust the spindle speed. IT BROKE! When I opened it up, the belt had jumped the pulleys; it appeared as though the adjustable speed mechanism tore itself apart. I'll check into getting it fixed, but not sure I even want to keep it. That may depend on what the service people tell me about this piece of junk. At this point, though, it's a very heavy paper weight and definitely not worth wasting your time or money. This experience has SERIOUSLY damaged my opinion of the Delta brand.
Flawed Design: After 2 1/2 years the bushings in the variable speed vbelt pulleys slipped on the spindel end and popped clear out on the motor end. This renders the drill press unusable and unfixable. The bushing and pulley are a single unit on the parts sheet. The problem is the alignment of the bushing and pulley are critical, but they are not fixed together in any way - just a loose press fit. Sounds like other users have had the same problem. My last Delta product.
Much Better Then Your Average Guide Book: This book povides a lot more then visitor information. I've read several guides to the Chesapeake Bay region and this is the only one that gives the reader a real feel for the area. Places an emphasis on the natural environment. Some guide books spend a lot of time on things around the Bay and ignore the BAY itself. This one has it all. I find myself going back to it often.
Needs a Warning Label: This book should carry a warning label that lets you know it's a 230-page infomercial for the Kabbalah Center. It contains little that hasn't been regurgitated from "Rabbi" Berg's work, and what little doesn't come from him comes from fundamentalist Christians like Bob Larsen. The author's credibility is also damaged in its own right by lapses such as placing Pirke Avot in the Talmud, when in fact there's no Gemara for Pirke Avot, so it's only found in the Mishna. I was bitterly disappointed with the book.
This guage is accurate!: Having had/used the Accu-gage Tire Pressure Guage - 60 PSI w/11 inch hose for a few months now, I have to say it is the best tire pressure guage I have ever owned. I've had others of the dial variety and this one is the most accurate. Precision is a dead on match with the GM auto pressure sensors in two of my personal vehicles. I will be purchasing another to keep in my other shop. I highly recommend also getting the Accugage Rubber Shock Absorber Cover 150256 to protect the guage in case of accidental droppage.
Naive introduction to the Gujarati language.: Speakers of closely related Indian languages may find this book useful, but it is unlikely to be of much help to Western students
A warm and wonderful recording: I bought this album in the SACD format. The SACD format really does expand the sound stage reducing the "listener fatigue", that I often develop in listening to conventional CDs, even on outstanding equipment. This performance is very crisp, moves lyrically, and is expansive when required. Berloz always presses the edge of tonality for his time with his unique tonal language. This recording captures that. The strings are very good and the brass, always an important statement in Berlioz, play with robust precision. Interpretively, Jarvi delivers more than a well paced performance. He has a wonderful understanding of this unique musical idiom. I recommend this recording as a wonderful musical and audiophile experience. The Cincinatti Orchestra is closing the gap with the so called "big 5" American orchestras, who do not often perform at this level.
Pathetic .... Absolutely Pathetic: What a major disappointment, not only in Telarc but in the orchestra that apparently slept through most of its playing. There are many, many other recordings of Symphonie Fantastique, any one of which is certain to beat this one. Don't take my word for it, though....find out the hard way like I did.
So soft!: My 1 year old does not yet know how to take the baby in and out of the pod but she does enjoy snuggling her baby when she sleeps. The materials used seem to be top notch, but we have yet to try washing it!
Cute plush doll.: We got this for our infant daughter, who is drawn to dolls. I was a little disappointed by the size, but I think for a small child it's the perfect size and shape for snuggling. It's quite soft and is very cute. It did come with the doll and the pea pod. I was pleased with the price we paid and the product that we got. It's a Christmas gift this year and I am very sure my lovely daughter is going to love it!
Cutest toy ever: I absolutely love this little doll. My baby is 8 months old and loves to hold and play with this little doll. It is so soft and easy for her to hold and cuddle with. It rarely stays inside the pod because baby loves to play with it. Really enjoy this product.
Precious!: This is in line with all the wonderful Manhattan Toy products. A precious little doll for a tiny baby.
The best there is to read!: An excellent read that penitrates the mind of a serial killer. What's more shocking is that it actually happened! Panzram details his life from childhood through the hardships of adulthood which made him the hardcore savage animal that he ultimately became. I loved every minute of this book! It's a shame that it's so hard to find though or I'd buy my own copy and read it every night before I go to bed. I suggest that anyone who wants something new and exciting to read should pick up this work and start reading. The public library should have it. Get moving!
Not good for my system: This product appeared to be exactly what I was looking for. They Both were made in the citrate form. Unfortunately, I am unable to absorb properly for my system. Although the instructions say to take 2 level teaspoons per serving, I tried 1 teaspoon and soon after, had cramps and had to run to the bathroom. I tried this more than once and the same thing happened. I also do not like the way it does not dissolve in liquids easily. It is gritty and if left in the glass for a few seconds, falls to the bottom.Anyway, thought this would be a good product for me, but is not. I guess I may have to get a softgel or capsule type.
Read Jung instead: I found this yet another rehash of classic Jungian psychotherapy. The writer was way too fond of his own voice. I found his endless repeating of basic tenants very iritating. If you have something new to say go ahead and say it just once.
Content excellent but let down by Kindle version.: The content is wonderful (though am I the only person who thinks Hollis' books all start to sound the same?). My matn gripe is that the chapters are jumbled in the Kindle version I've bought, and the references don't hyperlink to anything. Please improve.
My kids couldn't get enough!!: We checked this out from the library and my kids begged to watch it every day! We have a lot of kids videos and this was the first one that they didn't seem to tire of. We checked it out for probably 3 months straight. I will be purchasing this and the Rock N Learn Spanish video. We also checked out Rock N Learn: Letter Sounds and the kids loved it also. (My boys are 5, 3 and 1.)
Soooooo comfortable!: This is the most comfortable bra I have ever owned. I am a 34 G in the brand name Goddess but I am able to wear a 38 DDD in this bra. In my experience all my bras have had a painful "break in" period but this bra comes "broke in" right of the hangar. Ordinarily the underwire hurts my ribs for a while but the underwire in this bra doesn't really rest hard against your body. It's very unusual however very comfortable and provides nice support at the same time. Normally a sports bra gives a "unaboob" appearance but this sports bra gives nice seperation.When ordering keep in mind that the cup size runs large and the numbers run small. I highly recommend this bra.
poetry at it's best--you will give thanks: Lovely, thoughtful, deep, unusual, musings on painful or fascinating contradictions...SO EASY to READ and UNDERSTAND. You will pause and read again if poetry is "your thing." Written in Polish language on one side of the page and truly beautiful English translation on the other.Wislawa died in February of 2012 and I miss her, even though I only met her on line.
nice book for a mini-retreat: Interesting writing style, like that of a storyteller. Informative, yet refreshingly humorous. As relevant, perhaps, today as it was almost 100 years ago for those who want to 'get back to basics.'
I've read it 4 times now!: I've owned this book for years; I found a first edition in perfect condition at an estate sale & I've been hooked ever since! I've read it four times along with the others in her collections of books and I've spent a week up at Lakewood Camps in 07 and 09 and plan on going back in 2011. This is a great book and I can't recommend it more!
Perfect Meat Thermometer: It is very convenient to be able to BBQ one item and roast another@ the same time in different locations. When you know what the temps are, you don't have to waste heat constantly checking on it. Only downside is, the temp lags just a little bit.If you want your meat RARE, subtract 5-10 degrees until you're used to it. It can always be cooked more...Otherwise, am thrilled with it, glad I bought it!!
Bad choice: The first one of these I received from Amazon was DOA. They quickly sent a new one out(Thanks Amazon). The new will turn on but it doesn't work any better than the one that was DOA. My many complaints include that the unit easily loses the remote signal, even when only a few feet away. This unit needs to have the time of day reset/reprogrammed for every use. Probes do not report the accurate temperatures or even the same temperature when side by side. This is a great idea with miserable execution.
Don't Work: I purchased this item just for the dual probe. I received it in the mail at my office I opened it up to test it and it 'seemed' to work just fine. I held one probe in my hand and left the other on my desk. The remote unit registered about 96 on my hand and 70 on my desk. So I pack everything back up and then last night I get it out to try it "for real" and I couldn't get the darn things to link. They would link for about 10 seconds and then the remote unit would light up like the forth of July and then be reset. Finally by the end of it all I couldn't get them to link at all. I ended up just using the transmitter unit to monitor temps (it has a small LCD window that displays only the temp). So the remote unit in my experience is just garbage.I did everything I could to fix it (ie new batteries in both units, reset mulitiple times, proper turn on sequence, etc).Don't waste your money on this unit.
It's ok: I've had this for three years. It worked ok for while. Now the remote module won't communicate with the base thermometer, which kind of defeats the purpose. They still work fine as two separate thermometers. However, now the probes are starting to fail. The probe wires are pretty flimsy in my opinion and shouldn't be subjected to extreme heat like open flames.I would give it 2.5 stars but 2 will have to do.
Cheap Product - Very Disappointed: This product is rated up to 500F. I was catering an event yesterday and preheated my grill to 325F and within two minutes of placing the meat and probe on the grill the wires burt and melted where the wire meets the probe. I can fully understand why this seller is rated 3 stars. I was cooking a dinner party for 50 and had to wing it on the meat because of this cheap product. It is a rip off for >41.00 with shipping.
Terrible: I ordered this thermometer based on what I thought was good reviews but this thing stinks. It takes forever to come up to temperature. I don't think it registers correctly. I wouldn't buy it again.
Returned the item: I had to return this item. It never worked correctly from the beginning. Setup was pretty easy. Simply follow the directions. The remote transmitter never worked more than 15 feet from the receiver. The transmitter unit never registered the temperature correctly. Transmission of temperature had a lag in it,which was long enough to cause a problem of burning something up. The documentation says it is not recommended to use the probes in a covered grill.
No wireless Range: This had essentially no range for the wireless signal. Even 15 feet was too far for a connection, which makes this essentially useless as a wireless thermometer. I also did not like their buttons (the black horizontal stripes on the silver piece) - they were difficult to push - or more than they should be. Returning this to try to find one that will allow me to stand somewhere other than right next to the grill.
My BBQ Is Better: This wireless thermometer lets you cook two different items set for two different temperatures. The small black transmitter sits beside the BBQ while you remain fully informed of temps and times as you carry around the silver receiver or set it on the counter while getting the sides together. The buttons are less than intuitive, otherwise I would have awarded this baby five stars. My BBQ is better!
Avoid at all cost: This is the worst wireless device I have ever owned. You'll be lucky to keep the transmitter and receiver linked for more than 30 minutes. I even went so far as to return it to the manufacturer for a new one. The new one is just as bad as the old one. As I write this I'm trying to use it along with another brand (NU-Temp). The NU-Temp is on a pork roast and the Remote Check is on a whole chicken. The Remote check lost its connection with the transmitter after about 10 minutes. The NU-Temp is still working perfectly after an hour of use. Needless to say I will never buy this brand again.
Losses contact very often.: This wireless thermometer is a real dissapiontment. At 15 feet the reciever and transmiter lose contact with each other every 5 to 10 minutes, although both are sitting still. When your smoking meat for any lenght of time this is a problem. It takes longer to reset them, then it is to get up and check the temp. This product is a no go. Do not buy.
AWESOME & Easy To Use -- BUY 2: I bought this item lasy year and used it to make my Holiday turkey in the oven. It freed me up and allowed me to be with my family while cooking the meal at the same time. I've used it in the BBQ and a smoker.My son loved mine so much I gave it to him and ordered another. My friend wanted one so I gave HIM one.Save time, BUY TWO, one for yourself and one for a friend. They will love you and this makes a GREAT GIFT!
Borderline useless: Like others have posted, I find the range very limited. I've got the receiver less that 20' from the smoker and the signal fades out in about 15 minutes. The only fix is to reinitialize and redo all the setings - even the time-of-day clock.
don't bother: I bought this for my husband the Grill Master. He hates it. It is complicated and clumbsy. Waisted my money !!!
Waste of Money: Sucks! You have to constantly reset it to get a signal. The temp reading on the sending unit works fine but you may as well throw the receiving unit in the garbage
Not good: The product is not as good as other remote temperature probes. I also have another one which works great, I thought this would be good having the two seperate probes to cook two different meats at once. I cannot get even one probe to function correctly, after trying 4 times it just starts beeping after about 10 minutes. I have tried everything I can think of and set it differently but the same thing happens, just beeps all the time so I need to turn it off completly to get some silence. I am vey disappointed with ths product, I also bought one for a christmas gift, but I will not be giving this as a gift as I dont believe it is functioning correctly. I will keep trying and advise of the outcome, but at this stage things are not looking good, keep you all informed.
I really wanted this to work...: I love the features of this product, namely the dual probes and the fact that you can see the probe temps on both the remote and the control units. However, the range was abysmal, as noted in several other reviews here. Abysmal as in it loses signal after about 10 feet through glass windows and doesn't alert you to this fact. It also only updates a few times per minute even when it is working, which is frustrating when you're trying to determine whether or not it's actually working.I've ordered an Oregon Scientific unit as a replacement and have high hopes as a friend has one of those and it works perfectly, albeit without the 2nd probe or the ability to see the temp on the "outside" unit.
Trash and nonsense: I'd give this minus stars, if possible.It's hard to imagine how the authors can present this tripe with a straight face. By focusing narrowly on Dean and twisting enough facts and telling some outright lies, they make their case. But to believe it, we have to believe that Nixon, Mitchell, Haldeman, Ehrlichman, etc. lived in isolated bubbles and never communicated with each other. All they knew about the world, the learned from the evil Dean.And oh, yeah, Enemies List, Tax Evasion, suborning perjury, and all the other little pranks of the Nixonian era? Nah, I never heard of them either.
Not Anne Perry's best: I've read most of the Pitt books (loved most of them) and have just started the Monk series. This was my least favorite of all Anne Perry's novels. It was compelling insofar as I had to keep reading to see the conclusion, but I figured out the villian early on in the book. And, quite honestly, as has been stated in other reviews, it really stretched the imagination to accept all the scenarios regarding the family members. And, the bickering between Monk and Hester is distracting. I'm sticking with William Monk because I love his character and, I want to see the relationship between him and Hester flourish. This series, more so than the Pitt series, I believe, is better read in order.
A Quirky Religious Odyssey: Julia Sweeney is brilliant, articulate, and FUNNY. "Letting Go of God" is her odyssey from Catholic girl-hood through several of the major religions of the world. "Hold on,Pay attention" because she's fast and funny.
Muy mal!: Me mandaron un producto con mala calidad, simplemente está horrible, no es un producto original es una copia apocrifa de pesima calidad.
Just when you thought the future couldn't get any weirder...: I'll be honest. I haven't actually seen this tape, but through later episodes that I HAVE seen, I know all about it. (Not to mention the fact that I just bought it and will have watched it within the day.)For 300 years, the Earth colony of Terra 2 has been populated only by men, survived by cloning. The men are either "half-breeds", mixed clones, or "originals", exact duplicates of the original six colonists. The only women are merely lifelike, but emotionless robots called Marionettes. Status quo.But that is about to change when a young boy named Otaru stumbles upon an antiquated, but very unique Marionette named Lime. Built with a device called a Maiden (or Virgin, depending on the translation) Cicuit, she is the only known Marionette with emotions. And believe me, does she use them!And there are more of them, too. Cherry, another Maiden Circuit-enhanced Marionette, is recovered next, and things just snowball from there...
Great while it lasted: Zircon Ultrasonic Measure (DM S50L) This item worked for 2 days and did a great job. After that it only showed an error message. Working on getting a replacement.
It may not be perfect but it sure beats a tape measurer!: I am delighted to own this tool. Pay attention to how you hold it and it will serve you well. It can be a bit cumbersome to hold and push the READ button so just expect to take readings several times. Great for measuring rooms.
Great for public meetings: This mic is just plain great for meetings. I am a public official on a government board with 8 other members. Each Board Member has one of these mics which feeds the PA system. I find it very sensitive, the on-off switch reliable, and the quality is good. My opinion is "Highly Recommended"
x mitter: Works just as stated. No problems. Some complain about not being able to find open stations in bigger cities, thats not the x mitters fault, it cannot create open stations! It works great though. Would buy again. It doesn't charge my samsung mp3 though.
Pure junk: This unit worked well for 3 days, then only powered up intermittently. Even when the power was on, the unit didn't transmit. When it worked, it worked fine -- fairly clear signal with minimal static. But I was very disappointed and returned it after 1 week. Maybe I got a lemon.
Strong signal BUT cuts off High Freqs ! Get iRiver instead!: It cuts off High frequency range almost completely. I had iRiver FM transmitter for a couple of years until it broke, so i tried this Monster and must say that the transmitting signal is a lot stronger than iRiver and the bass is nice, but ALL, not kidding - all of the treble is gone! the sound is flat! I thought i can live with it at first but then it's so annoying - it is going back where I bought it. And I am placing an order for the iRiver Transmitter. Whoof.
stopped working early: not recommended, expensive, works same as other cheap ones, and stopped working early dont buy a a a a a
Static: I figured this product would be good considering monster is a solid company, however, every station that I was able to hear my music (Zune), there was static, even subtle static was enough to make it not worth the money. I got a cheaper Belkin product and it was much better, I found at least one station that gives basically no static. So just get that instead of this for 1/3rd the price. I live near a major city and that may have caused some of the static, but the Belkin gets me almost none so it must be the product.
FM trnasmitter: First of all, I got this product 2 weeks later than supposed to, and it is definetly nt what i expected. it doesnt work well, the sound is never clear. I would not recommend this product.
Static!: You can barely hear the music over the static. Thought it might just be our car so we tried a couple friends' cars and it was the same. Total waste of money.
Worked great for half a year: The transmitter has worked well for me, and the quality has been fine, but recently (after owning it for maybe half a year) the audio connector became very finicky. It had to be twisted to a certain angle to receive my mp3 player's audio, and would cut in and out (or not play at all) if jiggled or rotated. (I tried an adapter to see if it was my mp3 player being stubborn, but I can confirm it is the Monster cable that is not working). It is now so unusable I decided to throw it away.Otherwise, for when it worked, I had no complaints about it!
FAILED EARLY: This transmitter worked better than it's Belkin predecessor but failed were the cord goes into the selector after only a year use. Needs better strain relief at that point.
Very good product: This transmitter BLOWS away the Belkin (Model: F8Z439-P-BBY) product.the difference is night and day!! Tried the Belkin and could not get a good clean transmission on any freq. Also the volume was so low, even after turning up the source device to max and the car stereo to almost max!Then I tried the monster....man am I glad I did! Get the Monster, you won't be sorry.
Nearly useless: I've now used this on two long car trips up and down the East Coast, and my recommendation is that you only buy this if you are absolutely desperate to use your iPod in your car, and there are literally no alternative ways to use your car's audio equipment to accomplish that. The sound (whether in an urban area or way out in the sticks) is noisy, distorted, and compressed, even when there are no local interfering stations. Loud music is crackly, quiet music is inaudible.
Poor weak signal: Does not perform well, weak signal does not allow quality sound from ipod to radio. FCC is responsible for weak signal.
Didn't work at all, returned: I could not get a single station to play acceptably. Returned this item after trying to go through every station without any positive results.
Weak.: This product is so inferior I almost can't believe I paid money for it. Even the slightest amount of volume in a song makes the sound dissolve into static. Trust me, I've tried every frequency, they are all garbage. The last Monster FM transmitter I had was marginally better but alas, it died. The only reason I use this is because my nearly inaudible iPod playlist is better than anything the Clear Channel has to offer and it's illegal in Massachusetts to listen to your headphones while driving.
Long on imagery, short on plot: The Sky, the Stars, the Wilderness is actually three novellas in one book. The first is a somewhat interesting tale that has some suspense combined with Bass' always vivid imagery of the arctic wilds. I found the second story to be a confusing jumble of characters mixed with cumbersome metaphors concerning oil wells and mortality. The third is somewhat better in that it has beautiful imagery and a gentle, simple storyline. The only drawback is that almost absolutely nothing of interest occurs in the whole story. For those readers looking for a work of art translated into words, The Sky, the Stars, the Wilderness will satisfy. If, however, you read a book to see something happen, you will probably be disappointed by this one.
Quick results!: I started using the acnefree severe system a little over a month ago, maybe two months now and it's been working great for me. For the most part, it has stopped breakouts from emerging. I replaced the toner with the Neutrogena rapid clear 2 in 1 toner when the one that came with the system ran out. So far so good! I'm really happy with this product. I can honestly say that I noticed a difference in a few days with the acnefree than I did in months with Proactiv.It does tend to make my skin dry after using step 3 and/or step 4 so I've been using the say yes to tomatoes balancing moisturizer and it's helped quite a bit. :)LOVE this stuff!
Awful for skin!!!!!! Does not work!: Do NOT waste your money on this! I am 28 years old and have always had oily/problem skin. The benzoyl peroxide in the face wash and "day cream" burn and sting when you apply. Also you can't realistically apply the day cream during the day as it leaves a messy white residue on your face. My face never felt clean using this product and I continued to break out. I would use the spot treatment on existing treatments and I would have to say that is the only semi good product they offer: it dries up an existing pimple faster as opposed to using nothing at all. If you expect this to stop your acne it won't, benzoyle peroxide is awful for yous skin and known to cause thin skin and premature aging. As a side note I have started using Lerosett, an organic clay mask/face wash skin care line and let me tell you it is amazing! I have cystic acne and it works. If you are looking for something on the cheaper side try Aztec healing clay, does wonders. :)
This product really works!!!: My son and I both suffer with acne. I am now 34 yrs old and I have used almost every product on the market. I get extreme breakouts and so does my son. I have tried proactive, clear skin and so many other products on both myself and my son and none of them have worked as well as this has. We have been using this for almost two months now and have noticed clearer skin. My son took before pictures and a new one and was surprised at the differences. I would like to say thank you to Acne Free, you have given my son his confidance back. He now thinks he is sexy and for that I know this product works!!!!
worked so-so: I bought this product for the first time ever and it worked great - my pimples were clearing up and my skin was really soft, so I didn't think that there woulb be a problem purchasing a second shipment. WRONG!!! For some reasin, the second time around, my face got really dry, to the point of itchiness and I was scratching it like crazy!!!Not sure if the items were expired, but I don't think that i'll be buyinfg this product again - lack of consistemncy :(
Only used the spot treatment: So I haven't used the entire system but the spot treatment is amazing! It only took one night to reduce my giant pimple. It's not harsh and is pretty cheap. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a fast problem solver.
Didn't work and can't get money back: I bought this after reading some reviews and liking the price. But it was a waste of money and didn't make any positive difference for my daughter. It actually dried out her face and almost "burned" it. She has switched to ProActive and loves it. I was optimistic it would work, but am disappointed. I wish I could return it and get a refund, but Amazon says no.
Ouch! Don't buy!: I'm 27 and I have had mild acne for ten years. I have tried other products like ProActice, and prescription drugs and I am regretful to say this product as failed as well. It is extremely potent and after 5 days of use my skin's texture has completely changes and not for the better! My skin feels coarse, dry, and flaky.I wouldn't recommend for mild acne, I would try something a little less extreme. I'm going back to exposed skin care. I will keep you posted!
I can't believe this got so many good reviews: I bought this book because of the good reviews it received on Amazon and because it was compared to the works of Tom Robbins and Christopher Moore, both of whom I love. But, to compare this book to those authors' work is downright insulting to Robbins and Moore. This book wants to be a screenplay and it reads like one. The dialogue is so trite that it made me cringe to read it and the character development was also very poor. It was very difficult to finish this book even though it was relatively short.
The Perfect Gift is The Perfect Storm: For the serious movie buff or the typical book worm, this purchase is great! The Perfect Platinum pack comes with the hardcover book and the DVD for The Perfect Storm. My father loved this film, but had never read the book. For his birthday I gave him The Perfect Platinum Pack. What a great idea!I would highly recommend this pack to anyone who loves a good book and a great movie.
Ripping LPs for my IPod: I got this a couple of weeks back. The s/w installed very easily and despite no documentation it is pretty easy to use. The only catch for me was that on my initial recordings the playback was great but when I replayed the recordings they were terrible. Windows had the Audio recording source as my Webcam and what was recorded was the sound coming out of the speakers being picked up by the Webcam. Once that was corrected via Windows Control Panel -> Sounds and Audio Devices -> Audio tab -> Sound Recording (Default Device) the recordings were great. I haven't even bothered running any filters to take out the hiss yet as it is pretty insignificant.You have to set the input recording level before starting to record but that is a minor setup that will avoid problems later.The turntable itself is simple to set up and use. Not the greatest turntable ever but at the price it is a complete steal.I now get to listen to all my old albums on my IPod and am delighted with the purchase.
New turntable 4 Old vinyl!!: This is a GREAT starter table 4 getting my LPs & 12" vinyl onto CD format!! WAY COOL!!!!!!!!!!!!! Amazing price & by the time I was talking about this at work - the turntable was already on my doorstep!! VERY FAST & wonderful servive!!
Turntable: This product does exactly what I bought it for. The included software will take you a little time to become proficient, but it looks like it will do what I want.
Mold and mildew Yuk: This machine was rediculous. It was returned within 3 weeks. It would constantly ask you to clean the milk unit and run the cleaning cycle every day. If you do not, it builds up mold and mildew. Was a nightmare.The touch screen did not work well either. You press one thing and another function was activated.done with Saeco
A Brilliant, Savage Interpretation Of Stravinsky's Rite: Valery Gergiev and the Kirov Orchestra yield a magnificient performance of Stravinsky's "Rite of Spring" that emphasizes the raw, barbaric quality of the score. This is by far the most dynamic recording I've heard of this work, pulsating with much raw, emotional energy. Gergiev leads his forces in a series of sonic explosions from the woodwinds, brass and percussion. As for the Scriabin, it is an interesting choice highlighting the young Stravinsky's musical ties to the older Russian composer; this performance seems far more restrained, and slightly less compelling than a Carnegie Hall performance of this work that I heard earlier this year with Gergiev conducting the Kirov Orchestra. Still, this CD is worth acquiring just for Gergiev's dynamic interpretation of Stravinsky.
The Pinnacle: This is it -- if you are looking for a "perfect" 'The Rite of Spring', you owe it to yourself to buy this cd -- especially if you have a reference audio system. It will blow your socks off.Deserves a "10" star rating.
needs clothes: My Scene Barbies are prettier and more realistic than regular Barbies or Bratz dolls, but they need more clothes! My ten year old daughter wanted to buy this doll today, and since she had her own money, I didn't make a big stink about it. I'm so glad she changed her mind when her brother told her the doll looks like Grandma in her underwear. The doll doesn't look like Grandma, but the clothes are definitely small enough to be underwear. I'm disappointed that Mattel would make such a cheesy doll!
Nolee is great!: This doll is soooooooo cool. I don't see anything wrong with her. She may be less my style, which would be more like Madison's, but I still say that she's great! Shure, she might be a little showing, but that's in style, so it's ok. I would say that I'm a My Scene Barbie fan...
Thalia singing "You spin me rrrooounddd???: I cant believe she had the nerve to sing this song!!! she doesnt have the style to do so! i feel the same way about her other remakes! [...]!!! Thalia sure is very pretty but lacks so much in talent., not the best of voices and not the best dancer., I went to Dead or Alives concert in San Francisco nobody in this planet could sing "YOU SPIN ME ROUND " as Pete Burns does!!!
Definitely Worth Buying: I'm a major Shakira fan who is trying to branch out into other Latina artists. At first I was hesitant to buy this album because I was never especially captivated by Thalia's earlier albums. This one seems much different though, at least to me. I thoroughly enjoy it. I am also impressed by her ability to sing in English on a few tracks. Anyway, if you like Shakira, Paulina Rubio, etc., you'll definitely like this CD. I also like her new CD out now "Thalia's Greatest Hits Remixed" even though normally I don't particularly care for dance remixes. It has some great remixes of "Tu y Yo" and "Amor a la Mexicana". Enjoy!
SHE TRULY SURPRISED ME WITH THIS ONE: BEST SONGS:1.YOU SPIN ME ROUN(SHOULD OF BEEN AN ENGLISH SINGLE)2.VUELTAS EN EL AIRE (AWSOME DANCE SONG I JUST LOVE IT)3. A QUIEN LE IMPORTA? (WHO DOESNT LIKE THIS SONG)4.THE MEXICAN 2002 ENGLISH (GOOD CLUB PLAY)5.EN LA FIESTA MANDO YO ( REALLY GOOD)**THIS IS HER BEST WORK TO DATE, HER 2003 MISTAKE LETS NOT TALK ABOUT LOL**
Y A Quien Le Importa Si Soy Un Flop: FLOP FLOP FLOP FLOP Pero me gusta y Que se le Puede hacer Creo qUE fUE uN dISCO HECHO A LA lIGERA nO cREEN No Es Thalia de Verdad Sus Rolas Carecen de origiNalidad. Creo Que No Es Una buena Secuela Para ARRASANDO Claro que Si Tu Escuchas Arrasando Varias veces Termina Por Asquiarte.Buen CD pero le Doy 4 Stars poorque le Falta Nuevos componentes Thalia deberia Reinvertarse Como Paulina En Pau-Latina
A binocular for a grandson: These binoculars were a first pair for a grandson. They seem very adequate for him; magnification was fine; pleased with the purchase. It seems far better to spend the money on an actual binoculars as the toy plastic versions cost about the same.
Who needs sound anyway?: I bought the DVD with an eye toward using it in a forensic evidence class. Unfortunately, the sound on the video is dismal. The doctor mumbles and the other pathologists look like deer in headlights. You would think there might be more than one choice for a topic as educational as an autopsy.The reviewer who mentioned lack of context is exactly right. No history was provided, and to come to closure on the actual c/o/d was no small accomplishment either.
CHAMBERLAIN GARAGE DOOR OPENER: AN EASY INSTALLATION, JUST FOLLOW THE WRITTEN DIRECTIONS. IT WAS A REPLACEMENT AND I WAS ABLE TO RE-USE MOST OF THE EXISTING LIGHT ANGLE IRON MOUNTING BRACKETS. DOOR SENSORS WERE EASY TO INSTALL AND LINE UP. AFTER INSTALLATION, IT WAS REAL SIMPLE TO MAKE ALL THE FINAL ADJUSTMENT.MY OLD OPENER WAS A CHAIN DRIVEN AND VERY NOISY. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE PERFORMANCE AND IMPRESSED WITH THE QUITE OPERATION OF A SCREW TYPE.
Monitor doesn't last long: We loved this monitor until a little over a year after we started using it (of course after warranty expired). The picture got increasingly worse and smaller so that now (two years later)it is a 1/4 inch strip across the monitor. We can only use it for sound now. We are definately purchasing a different brand for the next baby.
Poor quality product and customer service: Initially the monitor worked well and then the video portion stopped working. No picture at all. Contacted Safety 1st got the run around for a week and then said it needed to be replaced and that the only way they would do that was to send in the entire system. So now I am without any monitoring system after spending the money for what was supposed to be the best. Bottom line poor quality, unreliable backed up by the worst customer service policy I have ever seen.
Run for your Life!: Do Not Waste Your Money on this product!!!! I have bought two of these monitors in a period of 2 and 1/2 years. The product is set up to work just as long as the one year warranty and then a couple months after the warranty is out so is your monitor. This can get expensive if you're buying a monitor every year. I reccomend finding a monitor that is a lot more reliable.
WASTE OF MONEY: WE BOUGHT THIS MONITOR FOR THE PURPOSE OF BEING ABLE TO SEE OUR DAUGHTER AND NOT DISTURB HER. WELL THE MONITOR DOES NOT WORK AT NIGHT TIME AND ONLY AFTER 4 MONTHS OF USAGE, UNLESS YOU LEAVE A LIGHT ON THIS IS WORTHLESS... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS..
Terrible Quality Product: I bought this monitor less than two months ago. The audio monitor has NEVER worked. Since we had another audio monitor, we just used that for another room instead of the broken one that came with this product. JUST TWO MONTHS AFTER WE BOUGHT IT THE MONITOR (NOT JUST THE NIGHT VISION, THE MONITOR ITSELF!) QUIT WORKING ALTOGETHER and won't even get a picture anymore. A couple weeks ago the audio on the video monitor starting cutting in and out, and would be out for 30 minutes or more at a time. Now the video monitor has died completely. We bought this monitor because it was the most expensive and we thought it would be better quality, but we were very wrong. I can't believe that several other people also stated they had this same problem. Ridiculously crappy product!!
SHORT LIVED HAPPINESS: We got this as a shower gift and been using it since our daughter was born (May). We loved the fact that we can see our daughter and not to have run in at every peep. But with each month the picture quality has gotten worse and it seems like its got a life of its own. Its fuzzy, its clear, then it gets staticy. And then it fixes itself! And no matter how you adjust the knob in the back, it won't work. We should have kept the box. :(
Painful to read: cliched and factually wrong: I read this after reading Clifford Stoll's Cuckoo's Egg which is a much better book on the same subject matter. Stoll is just a smart and observant graduate student who simply tries to tell his story accurately. The 2 authors of Masters of Deception are apparently professional writers and they spend too much time trying to liven up what is essentially an account of high school and college kids playing on computers. You get the feeling they writing this with a screenplay in mind. The book is filled with cliches, bad metaphors, contrived rhetorical questions: "Destroy people's lives? Make them look like saints? Is this what hackers do?" There is very little interesting technical info and much of what there is is dumbed down and often wrong. The discussion of tymnet in chapter 13 is completely off. They obviously don't understand it. Cuckoo's Egg is much better and even the Littman books are better books on the same topic.
BORING: I thought the book was boring also. Rarely do I quit reading a book. But I could never seem to finish it.
joe: cheap junk. these knifes are "micro serrated" if you are not using a sawing motion they do not cut. you cant chop because the edge it wont go all the way through. im stuck with them and they suck. i would have never bought them if i knew they had this bogus edge.
Didn't know they were serated: I didn't know they were serated knives when I bought them. I wouldn't have, had I known. Product description not that descriptive.
This book was a outrage!!!!!!!!!!!!: I read the Legend of Huma hoping that it would follow the guide lines set by the original trilogy. I was sadly dissappointed. It was horrible. What is this with a minataur he did everything. Huma never followed a white stag and never road I quote " He rode to the high clerist tower where only the dead walked mouthing the names of dragons" That never happened. It was a total load of junk I am severly dissappointed with your reveiw. But i must give the book some credit. It had a good cover. Never read it it was bad. Stick with Weis and Hickman or try Some Raymond E. Feist
A True Classic: This has got to be the best fantasy novel I have ever read. The character of Huma isn't shown as the epitome of the knighthood, but instead he is just a simple knight who trys to do the right thing. The stories of Magius and Kaz show that people dont have to be good to do the right thing. I highly recommend this book to anyone, even if they aren't usually fans of the genre.
Wobble, Wobble: The description says it all. I am now looking into purchasing another bike rack because it moves so much I'm afraid I'd cause a car accident. I do not recommend this product. Save your money and get a quality item.
Tai Chi: Great book so far. My only request is if they can make an app to go with the book. I think that would be a nice addition.
Dissapointing: As an artist myself I was expecting this book to feature alot more art then was delivered. If you want to read such exiting interview question such as 'What is your favourite food"? Then this book will knock your socks off. For anyone else with a pulse, the interviews will get boring and tedious quite quickly.
CHAMBERLAIN PD210D GARAGE DOOR OPENER: Directions were concise there were no missing parts it was easy to assembly and it works as advertised! GOOD JOB CHAMBERLAIN!
It was fine: It was fine works as expected, if I now could only get it to work with the transmitter built into the car I have.
For the avid golfer and great reference guide: I have had the opportunity to play some great courses. Before I go to a well known course, I go to this book and review the holes I am going to play. The pictures are fantastic and the history is great. Lastly, before I took a trip to France, I took out this book and reviewed the potential courses. It was a great starting point to put the itinerary together and we played some beautiful courses. This is a great gift for any avid golfer.
Go ED. A man ahead but in tune with his time.: Most people see Ed as an icon, which he was/is, few knew the man. I was very fortunate to have met him when in HS, and almost 40 yrs later 800mi away in another state. He was a talented man, a gifted artist, a somewhat insecure businesman, but a man with a soul. Find what you want to find, Ed Roth was a complex individual; should be more of them.
Super Pet ferret Trail Funnel Playground Tube Kit: This is one of the most wonderful items for ferrets and rats! It can be rearranged any way you want to, and you can get more sets to create an even more fun time for your small pets. Its sturdy, it has ventilation holes, and it comes apart completely for cleaning. I had a set for my pet rats, and they loved it. now i have a ferret, and she really likes running around in it and hiding her favorite toys in it.I highly recommend this product, and it can fit in some of the larger cages, too. You just cant go wrong with this, its fun for your pet and it fun for you to watch them play with it.
Couldn't program the CLK1: I have a Genie garage door opener, but I was unable to program this clk1 unit. The help phone number is ALL recording - there is no live person to talk to, so I am throwing it in the trash and getting another model.
Died after 6 months: Worked great for about six months. Stopped working last week so I replaced the battery today. Still wouldn't work so I tried another battery and the connector (9 volt style) broke off. Now the whole unit is useless. I'm pretty sure it was dead anyways, but a cheap connector adds insult to injury.Avoid this one.
Duh!: Was this book about an interracial couple, if not why was it listed in the interracial category?
Boring: The book was kind of boring. I didn't even finish reading it. I also don't think that it was an interracial book.
good game: I got this game for my son, and he really liked it! He really liked the stealth parts of the game. Being Christians, he would have survived without the bad words though. Overall it was a very good game.
Heinerman's Encyclopedia of Fruits/Veg/Herbs: The book was in brand new condition! Very pleased and would buy it again. This is an excellent book. A wealth of knowledge that i've already used several times. I'd highly recommend.
Complete Rip Off: Do not waste your money on this product. The shipping weight is described as 2.5lbs. That would indicate multiple products. There was only one tube and it was below five inches in length. I checked the weight on a digital scale. It read 0.35lbs. Most of that weight is packaging. Again, do not waste your money on this product.
AN EXCITING DEBUT!: This book swept me along as if I were riding on a fire truck. The excitement never waned, and the details about fire equipment and fire fighting were intelligently explained to this layman. I look forward to the next Georgia Skeehan book. Mac sounds like a really promising romantic interest; I hope he appears in the next book.
Available for Free on Web: The publishers have found a unique way to make money - they take something that was produced by the government, slap a price on it and ship it out. If I had done more careful research, I would have realized that this product was available on the web at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory web site. In fact, an updated version is available for download.The work itself provides a general overview of various technologies, along with the developments and projections as to how that technology might be deployed in the future. It may be influenced by the priorities of the administration in power - this version gives a lot of play to the "hydrogen economy" that the administration is pushing.
Curdled to death?: In this one, the crimanal is involved in a sneaky plot, but you wouldn't jump off a silo in the middle of Febuary with your shirt off would you? Or would you? And you probaly wouldn't get cought in the same situation in a milk tank. To find the killer read the book.
how does it work?: would be very cool and i think smart to show how it might work.i shouldn't complain about its site. i have yet to go to one toreally know if it would work.probably would be a good idea to set up the site by lettingabout 50 "normal" people figure out how they should try and buy one. Give each a different remote.i bet their sales would skyrocket. cause nobody else is doing it
Was unable to get universal remote to work with my Sears Garage Door. Settings set properly but no go!!!: Very dissapointed. Could not return item because box was open. How would you know item does not work if you do not open box???!!!!
Small Price - Big Payoff: For several years I owned a car with a built-in remote opener, so when I traded the car in for a newer model I didn't even realize at the time the mess I'd be in. I had no idea where the old remote garage opener were!This little gadget was a lifesaver - instructions were a tad hard for a 65 year old bird with no technical experience, but I reason, if I could figure it out ANYONE can. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the size and color - would love to see Chamberlain move it down considerably and change the color to something more modern. It also does not have as long a range distance as the built-in remote, but it's way better than running in and out of the garage or getting drenched by snow or rain.
Zero Customer Support: I bought this remote as an addition to a fully functioning CLT1. I have set the dip-switches identically...but lo and behold, the "updated" model does not work. OK, fine. But there is absolutely zero customer support. There is no phone #. There is an e-mail form on the website...but my attempts have gone completely unheeded. Only after reading some of these posts have I learned that the CLT1D has glaring incompatibility issues. I have wasted so much time, I'm livid. No more Chamberlin...ever!
wONDERFUL PRODUCT: i STARTED USING THESE BAGS WHEN UN STORES and now I go to all extremes to keep them on hand. The handle ties are fabulous. Why are they NOT available in stores,I hope tey are always available. MKH THANK YOU.
Good for lightening dark hair!: Just ordered this about a week ago, recieved it two days ago. I bought this because I wanted to lighten my medium auburn colored hair but I didn't want to bleach my hair. I wasn't expecting to turn out the light blonde color shown on the box because I knew no hair dye could do that when my previous hair color and the shade of this are so different. Anyway, it did lighten alot and I'm now back to my strawberry blonde hair color. Works great!
Denzel at one of his best..now why did he not get Academy Award for this: now why did he not get Academy Award for this I do not know.. If you like his work this will truly amaze.....buy it !
Great steamy entertainment!: Great scenery, steamy setting in south florida, some action and a little humor thrown in make for a very entertaining film.
Good starter book: Emphasizes the natural ways to accept and learn Atheism. Strong on acceptance and non-violent means to avoid arguments with organized religion.
OK, but boring: I agree with the premises of this book, but found it rather boring, and not the easiest to read. If you want to read something similar that doesn't read like a textbook, I would suggest "Losing Faith in Faith", "Atheist Universe" or "Like Rolling Uphill."
Basic Bob the Builder: Kids (ages 3 & 5) enjoyed this the first time, but didn't have a lot of interest in watching it again and again. If your child is obsessed with Bob the Builder, then they will love this movie. Otherwise, it's very similar to a lot of the Bob the Builders that were made prior.
Eric Clapton: 24 Nights: This is a nice anthology of some of his music over through to the 90's. It is great to seem him live with his back up band playing through the various genres of music which he bolstered through his own interpretative style.
grainy transfer from video to dvd: I don't know if this was a bootleg version or what but the quality of the dvd is substandard and barely watchable.
Does anyone read liner notes anymore????????: So,since all of you who have written reviews for "So There" are not paying attention, lets get one thing straight. The vocal percussion on this album was provided by former FOCS member Samrat Chakrabarti. "What's it all about" was even written by him!! Stack is amazing, but lets give props to a gentleman who has revolutionized vocal percussion style and recording!
Chuck and Buck: I'm not sure why people find this movie funny. Its not funny, its depressing. The entire movie is about one persons misery and how he tries to cope with suppressed childhood homosexuality. I was expecting a dark comedy, which its not.
Save a few "Bucks": This movie is the opposite of entertainment-it is pain. Painful to watch. Painful to think that I spent 3 dollars to rent it. Painful that I took around two hours of my life to watch this film.Save your money. Better yet, make your own film. Have fun. Just stay away from this film, too dumb and poorly made to be truly disturbing. It might even ruin your taste for candy.
Investors were bilked out of their money to fund this film: Don't waste your time, money or energy on this one. It is a strange little film about a strange little man. Buck is so weird that you think he is retarted, only to find out in the end that he's not, he's just really weird. The investors should have saved their money.
Not for me, thanks: Strong performances? Yes. Good cinema? Probably. Funny? Not.Very disturbing, very dark.
Easy-to-install. Good fit. Excellent pricing.: After a recent hit and run left me with one tail light, I looked into a replacement. The dealer wanter $130 for one and another $45 for installation. This would leave me with factory equipment, and unmatched tail lights. (One being 3 years older than the other.) At the urging of a friend, I looked into getting aftermarket lights.With a half-hour of time, a T15 screwdriver, and a little muscle, I managed to replace both lights without issue. The fit is solid and they look good. The main difference between these and the factory lights is that the factory lights have an amber inset for blinkers. These do not.Also, these lights use a different type of light bulb. While they are a standard size, the ones which ship with the lights are relatively cheap ones. You can get replacements at most any auto parts store. It might be easier to replace them all before installation. The ones that come with the units burn out fairly quickly.
A great book about money for ages 7 to 107.: A great book about money. A must if you are interested in stocks, bonds, credit, ATMs, mutual funds, the history of money or money in general. For ages 7-107, making it great for school, while humorous cartoons make it fun to read. Ideas for thought, and projects for the family. Crisp, clear writing makes it easy to understand, whle Word Banks is mini glossary. Makes a great gift!
Piece of junk!: At first, I thought this was the greatest thing I could've bought for us so that we could hear the doorbell upstairs. Well it was, for about two weeks; for the it worked. It pretty much has a mind of its own. It works when it wants to (new batteries or old). Sometimes, we will hear the thing go off and the doorbell wasn't even pushed. Use your money on a different extender. Normally not a negative person but I gave this item one star because there was no option to go lower. If I could, I would give it 1/16 of a star...just for working for two weeks. Piece of junk!
Not worth the money: Product works sporadically when mounted to the door chime's case. However, our poodle's bark apparently is in the same frequency as the doorbell. The dog would bark, the doorbell would go off, we'd answer the door and there'd be nobody there. We finally discovered that the dog's bark caused the bell to ring, when we thought the bell caused the dog to bark. Product lasted several years, died, and the replacement was even more sporadic than the original. I would not recommend this product, unless you just want to keep track of your dog.
Died after 10 days.: First Heath Zenith unit just couldn't be heard, even with volume all the way up. Second unit worked for about 10 days then died. Presumably the transmitter, since its light didn't come on anymore.
Poor Design Sends Frequent False Signals: I must say that I have to agree with all of the bad reviews for this product. There are two main issues I have with this wireless chime. One, the microphone's sensitivity is poor. Like most reviewers here, I had to place it right next to the door chime, and I had to turn the sensivity setting all the way up for it to work. And two, the unit rings falsely all times of the day, tho' it seems to be most annoying at 3 in the morning. Many times I've had to get up and remove the receiver from the power outlet to get it to stop. The manual says the unit may send out false signals due to loud noises - not so; at 3 am, it's quiet as a church-mouse in my house! Unfortunately, I bought this at Home Depot without doing online research. My conclusion - don't buy this product; do your research and spend a few dollars more for a better quality product.
Fun series, terrible DVD manufacturing: I did enjoy the Heroes series, but the reason I am giving this set only one star is because of the terrible quality control. I received this set for my birthday, and was pleased until I noticed that the layers of one of the DVDs were coming apart on the inside. Returned the set to Amazon and got a new one - this time with two defective discs. Returned for a refund.Since then I have found that NBC Universal DVD sets are well-known for this shoddy quality, especially when bearing the "Made in Mexico" stamp on the cellophane. (Google it - collectors of DVD sets for old TV shows seem especially aware of this.) Apparently one or more of their Mexican facilities are not being maintained properly. This set wasn't worth the $20 my gift-giver paid, and it's definitely not worth the $45 Amazon is charging now. Be warned.
Worth Your Money? Heck, Yeah: I think, however, most people are going for the HD DVD version of the first season of Heroes, seeing as there's all sorts of extra bells and whistles and super-forced steam. However, all these things will not help if you don't have the train tracks. You know, the HD DVD player. Some people don't wish to shell out the extra funds to drop on a TV show. For mooks such as I, this set is the way to go. So, way to go.
Great new show: I'm addicted... I got hooked from the begining just because I wanted to check it out and about halfway through the first season last year I said "I'm getting the DVD set when it comes out" and i still watch each episode like it was brand new again!
series hit: I bought this set for my daughter but we spend time watching it together and being able to talk about it after. It is a great series that also helps with the mother/daughter bonding.
Great show from the start but not worth buying: I was hooked on this show and the first two seasons were really good. But then the writers went on strike and this show went to trash. It just started to get retarded and boring. The Ending was Stupid and lame. Wish I never started to watch this show as it became a waste of time. I wouldnt even buy the seasons which I Didnt. They have all four seasons in Insant viewing on netflix. Which is where I watched it. If you consider watching it, watch it there and dont wast your money buying this. Just My Opinion.
fantastic: Being from England this is brilliant for me, I got to watch the whole series before most of my friends were half way through, just hope the 2nd series gets bought up by Sky and airs soon, getting withdrawals already.
Heros the first season: Recieved the DVDs in a prompt time. BUT the DVDs will NOT work in my new DVD. Other DVDs checked at same time did work. Thus leads me too believe the Hero DVDs are defective.
Excellent Series: I will start by saying that I am biased -- I liked comic books as a kids, watched all sorts of cartoons on Saturday mornings, and dressed up as various heroes for Halloween. Obviously, I enjoyed this season of Heroes quite a bit.My wife, on the other hand, has no such predispositons and generally does NOT enjoy anything superhero, science fiction or computer-related. We heard a lot about the show, but did not watch it until we purchased the DVD set -- then we watched the episodes three or four at a time. The story is just that good. (We would have watched more, but we have jobs, kids, and other responsibiliies)If you don't buy it, rent it... in this case, the show is worth the hype.
What a masterpiece: All I can say is "WOW"! This is one of the best shows I have ever seen. If you like superheroes, then this one is for you. Season one focusses on ordinary people who have special abilities. They must unite and stop something that will hit New York city. Go out and buy it, you won't be disappointed.
The best way to watch Heroes: Given it's dynamic, nonlinear story line and comic book esque presentation watching heroes on DVD is the best way to enjoy the series. No commercials, no interruptions and when your dying to find out what happens next - you can!The story itself is great, well acted and well written. The effects are good, and use of filming on location seems evident.My main complaint is that the beginning of the season moves a little slowly, a flaw they seem to be repeating with the second season. However, in the first season background is necessary to understand the characters, so it can be forgiven.Overall it's a great show, and the only one I'm watching currently. TV seemingly lost it's appeal and then heroes came and caught me from the first episode.
Excellent reference work: I am finding Morris' commentary extremely helpful. He exegetes problematical Greek, which is helpful for an indifferently-able Greek reader. His analysis of Paul's logical arguments and the chapter outlines have made my study and teaching easier. His interpretations are from what I would label an evangelical, rather than fundamentalist point of view, with which I agree.
Poor Esmeralda: This ballet written by Cesare Pugni in 1844 has regained here a glimpse of life but it is so abridged,poorly staged and almost amateur-like danced that it turns out to be a dream not come true.In fact,I wish Kirov would ask Mr.Lacotte to help stage this beautiful ballet so that we could enjoy this once beloved ballet.
Murder: Another well written book. It was a very surprise ending and kept your interest throughout. It's amazing that the same event can be written by different people and be so interesting or completely boring. A sad ending but justice served. You never know who your neighbors really are.
Save your money: There are some much better quality stories on other short movie DVD's that are available such as "Watching you", which leaves this DVD in it's dust.
Crapy plane: This thing sucks the darn thing fell apart in mid air and then busted our neighbours window. Don't waste your money on this i say go with "air hogs" there much better.
Wonder Bra!: You'll love this trip down memory lane. All three seasons are included here. From the campy 1st season set in Nazi era WW II, to the less campy-better scripts and costume season 2 and finally to the season 3 full of camp and care. Lynda Carter epitomizes the true nature of William Moulton's comic character. Feministic without the obligatory Hillary Clinton teeth and affect. This series, in it's 3 short seasons, deserved more time. Perhaps Ms. Carter was tired in the end, so perhaps it's best that the show ended. To re-cast "Wonder Woman" with any other actress would have been a travesty.The extras aren't that great. It is my opinion that WB could have injected some care and research in this faction. The DVD transfer quality is superb and as clear as a blue sky.Buy and be happy.
Great Short-Stories: This one is captivating! These short stories are wonderful, well written with a turn at the end of each page. I highly recommend to any reader looking for a good set of short stories with mystery and murder included!!
Broken: As numerous people of commented, they do not seem to be able to ship this without breaking it. Also, it's just not as cool as the toy you remember from your childhood. I wanted to love this, but can not even like it.
The Dead: Review: Great Zombie novel with a different angle. Instead of the usual "biological / chemical / disease" outbreak, the Biblical/Rapture end of the world sparks this outbreak. Was refreshing. Quick read.Some of the character dialogue felt too long in places, but it was very minor. Was interesting to see an actual area referenced from where I grew up (Central NJ Coastline) as the location of the story. Was also interesting to see the author had somewhat of a grasp on the differences between Christian / Catholic / other deviations beliefs.The end peaked a bit too early and left me wanting a bit more. Overall a great book that I would recommend to fans of Zombie / Post Apocalyptic stories. Would make a great movie if the right director and funding were available.
A must read.: When I first picked up "The Dead" I was mainly expecting the normal run of the mill zombie story that I have read many times before but to my pleasant surprize "The Dead" is a totally unique and terrifying tale that you surely will not be able to put down.A must read for any fan of macabre.
Creative style but ...: I read it on a business trip because that's all I had to read, but once I got access to a different book- only a few scant pages from the end, I happily traded it in.
Not His Best: I loved Raney and Walking Across Egypt, but only got 60 pages into Redeye.The situations and characters are intended to be odd and humorous, in the wry manner Edgerton does so well - and yet I wasn't laughing. Could be me or my current mood - the writing is good and clever - but Redeye didn't do it for me.
LOVE IT: My daughter gives it 5 stars! We love the Covenanters. I would only give it 4 only because it could have been better. But, I am very critical so maybe it is a 4.5 (but that isn't am option so 5 it is)!
Best ever: I Love Susan Wiggs. I've read most of her books. Lakeside Cottage is the best book ever. Could not put it down. Think it should be putinto a movie. Very nice summer story. Loved the characters. Sherry
Opinon on Arthritis Mgmt.: I was and am very disappointed in the magazine "Arthritis Mgmt." It doesn't seem like it has actual arthritis help suggestions, just a bunch of words to fill up space.
Visions of Liberal Indoctrination: My soul weeps for the trees that were used to print this steaming pile of dung. I actually cannot believe that I attend a college that would subject their students to this collection of liberal garbage. It is quite evident that the authors of this book have zero actual experience in the field of criminal justice; they are only armchair warriors who believe that their academic vision for the world is the only true way for CJ administrators to conduct themselves. Here is a quote from the "authors"- not a third party. "This important text was written by persons who have the needed expertise in those areas that are of major concern to all our citizenry. The future has unfolded, and our visions for the next several decades must continue to grow and to be realized." (pg 11) What a bunch of narcissistic garbage. Do yourself a favor and avoid this collection of idiocy if you can (I am unfortunately forced to digest this vile drivel).
Still Haven't Received Book: 30 days after shipping and 4 emails to the seller later and I still haven't received my book. Wonder if they plan on getting around to it before the semester concludes?
The best how to for a great butt!: This book was the best tool for shaping my legs and butt after having a baby!!Trying for baby #2 and will be ready to use all the great info from the book to stay in shape during my pregnancy & after!!
What the hell!!!!!: What the hell is this and they call this a double feature they're barely even movies. The first is Ninku the movie the only thing I don't get is if it is the movie what happen to the series, might as well just call it Ninkuby itself.And there is the second movie, the famous Yu Yu Hakusho apparently they released the real movie Polgriest Report which is ten times better then this crap. Sure it has an okay plot but if they really wanted to make a movie out of this they could have made it longer at least an hour and had better voice actors.
crappy: i purchased this dvd thinking that it was the other(and better movie poltergiest report) i had seen poltergiest report before but didnt remember the name anywho this dvd was horribl i am like the BIGGEST fan of yuyuhakusho an i found this offensive to all fans because it sucked it sucked more thatn britteny spears ithe plot was horrible and the animation did not live up to the seriries i was devastated when i watched this movie to any true yuyuhakusho fan i warn u stay away from this dvd i strongly suggest POLTERGIEST REPORT it is an excellent yuyu film
Excellent pilates video for beginners and more advanced users: I bought this Pilates DVD without ever having practiced Pilates before. The instructor is very clear about proper posture, making this very easy to follow along with. The choices of exercise routine are very complete, offering lessons appropriate for a complete beginner as well as lessons appropriate for an advanced practitioner or anyone in between, which means that it is easy to move from one level to the next. I highly recommend this video.
Challenging But Effective: I was a little surprised at how challening the workouts on the DVD were, until I realized that there are multiple options and tons of variety. A full workout is very tough and I would probably only recommend that for intermediates or advance. Overall the workouts push you hard and do their best to stimulate actual class work. Defintely recommend for those that want a results driven workouts.
The disc has technical flaws.: The CD is recorded from cassette tapes. It gives a warning on the back of the CD of this fact (it should give it in the description on Amazon). However, it's not just tape hiss - on about half of the CD the tape had been damaged to the point where there are pops so it's practically unenjoyable. I would only suggest this CD for fans who are already have everything else.
Less science, more political: For those who like space opera, this will be a bit of a disappointment. The first two installments of the Grand Tour opus have remarkably little science, and instead focus much more on political machinations in a world dominated by the USSR (Privateers) and then by a a global economic organization which seems to be the target of organized crime. Throw in a bit of sex, some greenhouse issues (explained in a very elementary way), and you have quick, light reading. Suitable for a beach or subway ride, perhaps an airplane trip? But not Bova at his best.
Delightful movie: This is a charming B&W movie. The story moves along quickly. We love classic movies. This one is among our favorites. We have watched it quite a lot! Jean arthur is great in this one.
Very Slowwwwwwwwwwzzzzzzzz.......: Following John Carpenters very good 'Prince of Darkness' comes this heavy handed political piece called 'They Live'. The movie moves very slowly and the movies descends into the completely ridiculous with his depiction of the homeless. THe fight scene between Keith David and Roddy Piper is memorable only because it runs for about ten excruciatingly boring minutes.Carpenter later admitted that he made this movie in some sort of attempt to attack the Reagan Adminstration. Movie makers should stick to entertainment and keep their juvenile views of politics to themselves. Carpenters movies have been crap since he started to take himself seriously. He should go back to what he's good at.Rent this is you can't sleep. It will cure the worst insomia.
I'm gonna try to order this one: If you haven't figured it out, it's not simply Republicans. Run a search on "Frankfurt School" and you've got the ideological underpinnings for this hysterical film. Sure, other countries can boast their state-supported "culture" films with actors shouting pompous softball Marxist lines in massive traffic jams; those are fine films. But Mr. Carpenter's auteur vision (he wrote the script under a pseudonym) features a working-class hero who could kick all their butts without breaking character in the most elegantly transparent, completely unpretentious Marxist parable produced anywhere. Hollywood in the Reagan 80s just makes it much sweeter.
Great movie, no extras: The movie I give four stars, the extras get zero.Until they do justice to this film and have a director's comentary and other features I will pass on it.
A Very Good Look At John Carpenters Early Movie: I was reading some of the past reviews that I saw for this movie. Most of them were good except for one that stated that the movie went to slow. Well all I can say to that person is that if the movie went to fast then you would have complained that it is to fast. The fact of the matter is that it is a very good movie and I would reccomend it to anybody who wants to see an interesting si-fi movie with a twist.
Nice tools but poor quality: I love my pink tools. The only thing is that the name on the handle has dissapeared?? I made spagetti and the spoon got stained with tomatoe sauce. That is why I am very dissapointed
Not up par.: Would not recommend this book. It's trite and slow moving. Definitly not up to the Delinsky standard. Most of the time I will buy her books just because her name is on the cover. Wasted my money this time.
Romantic Mystery: Coulter does a great job of taking her characters in and out of the mysterious criminal element and the romance. I hope she decides to continue to develope her talents in writing mystery/romance novels.
vale la pena: Realmente mas que una vision sobre las mentiras de la iglesia, considero este libro como un tratado de los orígenes de la iglesia católica, lo cual no es facil encontrar. Lo remontan a uno desde los acontecimientos del antiguo testamento con sus posibles explicaciones o revisiones de escritores posteriores y lo lleva a traves de la creación de la iglesia en tiempos de Costantino y la falacias cometidas en nombre de la iglesia en periodos posteriores. Realmente es un libro que vale la pena leer para el que no come entero todos los cuentos de la iglesia con sus actos de fé. Lo recomiendo
Easy Recipes, Complex Flavors: We love their restaurants and really love this book! The recipes are easy to follow and most are quite quick to make yet are complex in flavor. We particularly like their comments before each recipe that summarize the dish and make recommendations of other dishes that complement the flavors.
uninteresting: not my type of magazine. Too upscale and ads were for things well out of my price range. but for 5.00 its something to breeze through looking at. certainly not a magazine i look forward to coming in the mail(unlike my Garden and Gun magazine which I loooovvvveee)
Good articles, too much advertising: The Town & Country magazine contains an article or two that provide good reading.Otherwise; the magazine contains more advertisements than anything. One reason I will probably not renew once the subscription expires, unless this were to change.
Waste of $$$: Got a year's subscription for only $5 and it was still a waste of money. Pretentious, self important, snobby, full of picures of socialites and others I don't give a damn about. Will never order again.
Anticipation exceeds realization: Awaited over 6 months for this book to be published and was let down almost immediately. Almost all but 2 pictures have been published before and the story itself has already been covered by previous bios. Still, it's an ok read for the uninitiated, but for those who have read other Morrison bios, there is nothing new covered here--except maybe that the surviving Doors were not the best friends with Morrison that they now make themselves out to be. One glaring error was the author has Morrison arriving in Paris in June '71 when in fact he had been living there since March. Would've loved new info from post-Miami to July '71 and would've loved to have seen rare photos from that time.
Last Section Makes It All Worthwhile: I can't disagree that Davis uses conjecture more than would be preferred in a well-researched biography. However - he scores big with his on-the-record accounts from Alain Ronay about what really happened in Paris the week of July 3, 1971. Lots of reviews have complained that there is "no new information", but I've read all the Morrison books available, in print and out, and until now I'd never read an account of the undertaker arriving at Jim's and Pam's apartment to pack his corpse in ice. Have any of YOU? Didn't think so. Highly recommended.
Simple, yet educational: This book is very simple, yet it is very educational, but more important, FUN for my 11-month-old granddaughter. She loves all books, but especially ones that she can interact with. The pullouts on this book are excellent...very strong, yet easy for a young child to move. The pictures and colors are vibrant!! She absolutely loves this book...it is a must to own. Purchase at least one of these great board books by Chuck Murphy...there are 3 others...Shapes, Colors and Opposites. I gave the same review to the other book she has in this series, "Colors" because it too is a great book.
DVD's would be nice: Since I could not afford the DVD set, I bought the book. I am working my way through it slowly. This is good stuff. I am at a point in my life where I have a lot of things to let go of. I have looked at several techniques and the reviews on this are impressive. So far, I like it. But I suspect the DVD's would be a whole lot easier!
THE SEDONA METHOD: I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS BOOK. IT HAS BEEN OF GREAT HELP TO ME IN MANY WAYS. PRIMARILY IT HAS HELPED ME GET RID OF SOME NEGATIVE FEELINGS I HAVE BEEN CARRYING AROUND FOR A LONG TIME. I CAN HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK.
NOT a USA Product: I have two electronic air pressure gauges that I have no confidence in because they appear to be flimsy and were manufactured in China. I was told by several sources that the line of mechanical gauges from the GH Meiser company are accurate, well constructed, and produced in the USA. I ordered the Accu-Gage 0-100 lb dial gauge with bleeder hose, and the first thing I saw when it arrived was MADE IN CHINA!! I will never use this thing on anything high pressure, or an application where accuracy may be critical.
Beware - Made in China: I've had other Accu-Gage tire gages all high quality and made in USA and have been very pleased with them. Now they are made in China and the quality of the materials is typical Chinese junk. Other reviews here say it's made in the USA , but sadly no longer. G H Meiser must have hired a new MBA to run their company.
Good product: The gauge I'd a good product. What you can't really see from the photo is the air chuck (where the user connects the gage to the tire) is a straight connection, not turned at an angle as most gauge's are. This item is for home use, as it's a bit lightweight to hold up for commercial use.
Not really my thing: If you're looking for a soundtrack, this isn't it, get volume 2. I ended up tossing this one. Just couldn't get into this. There's a reason for not allowing you to listen to it ahead of time. Just one person's opinion.
I loved this collection: I loved this collection. It took me back to"what must have been". What a joy to see Josephine as such a beautiful wife, mother and humanitarian. Bonaparte could not have been easy to live with and yet she made it seem easy.
Fantastic!: It's an very interesting book, not only because have great and very nice stories, but because in it we have lots of material to study and learn about ourselves and life.
Too small for grey squirrels: If you are using this to capture the common grey squirrel you should know that this trap is probably not big enough. I ended up purchasing the next size up (model # 1030) which worked great- four stars. The box for this product (#1025) says "For red and flying squirrels, weasels and chipmunks". That wasn't clear to me when I bought it at the Amazon website.
do not use this trap for transport.: This trap uses gravity to hold the door close. If you transport your animal and the trap tips over, the door will automatically open and if you have the animal running in the car, good luck! The cage must be at a horizontal position at all time if you do not want the animal to jump out when the door opens automatically at high angle.
big disappointment: Havahart 1025 Live Animal Two-Door Squirrel, Chipmunk, Rat, and Weasel Cage TrapI have about 5 chipmunks living in my front yard around my wife's flowerbeds. Bought the 1025 to take care of the problem humanely by relocation.Using peanut butter I watched them feast for 5 days with no success. After reading the reviews posted here I tried placing the bait in different areas like underneath and above the trip tray. I finally caught one 2 days later which still wasn't good results. The main problem lies in the tripping setup. The chips only weigh 2 to 3 ounces and it takes more weight to trip this trap. Needless to say I returned where purchased and got a 1 door model 0745. I caught a chip in 10 minutes and in 2 days caught the other 4. So if you need a trap for chips get the 0745.
Too small for squirrels: The trap has a couple of issues.First out of the box, the trap would not work. The trigger mechanism would not shut the doors. After bending the rods a little bit, the trap was working. Not a big deal for me, but definitely not a good first impression.2nd problem is that the trap is too small for squirrels. I had squirrels in the attic and she got the bait (teeth marks visible on the remainder) and closed the trap doors but no squirrel inside. My guess is that to get the bait, the squirrel was not all the way in with either the tail sticking out or even the body and once the trap was tripped, she was able to back out because she wasn't all the way in. I bet the trap would have worked for a smaller squirrel or rat or chipmunk but not the squirrels I had.
Havahart Trap: I bought this trap to control the chipmonks around the house. I bought the trap late in the season, and now the chipmonks are hibernating. I did catch one chipmonk using peanut butter before they disappeard for the season. I drove it 1/2 mile away, and let it go in a nature preserve. I will be using the trap this spring when they show up again.The trap is well built, and is quite sturdy.
Havahart Live Trap: Well built but had to do some minor bending so small squirrels couldn't escape. Good for squirrel/rat. No assembly required. Amazon quick ship. Would recommend.
Not for Large Squirrels: The average gray squirrel in my neighborhood is just too big. It says on the box it's for small red squirrels, chipmunks or mice. They should really indicate that as well on Amazon in the description. Based on the directions I set it to the "one door" option for larger squirrels, but they still spring the trap without getting all the way in
Warning: subtitles cannot be turned off: Zone 1 Francophones beware: the english subtitles are onthe video layer and cannot be turned off. I suppose thismight save the production cost of redoing subtitles forDVD, but it would be nice if this fact were mentioned inthe technical info. Completely unacceptable, hence theautomatic one-star rating.
I can't stomach it. Tastes horrible...like vanilla cake batter mixed with melted GI Joes: Looking at the ingredients list, it looks nutritious and has a decent nutritional profile; however, I can't stomach it. I tried to drink a whole packet, but could only stomach half of it, before I felt too nauseated to finish it. Dumped the rest.Both this stuff and Myoplex I can't drink. They both taste like melted plastic.I'm sticking to Optimum Nutrition stuff. That stuff tastes lovely. Like strawberry shake. No plastic-y tastes coming from it, and has a similar nutritional profile.
Yummy, yum!!!: A friend of mine gave me a few packets of this- 2 chocolate and one orignal vanilla. the consistency is very thick, so I recommend using only half a packet- as it will fill you up. I tried the chocolate at first- mixed it with chocolate soy and it was tasty but as I stated very thick because I used the whole packet. My friend told me that the vanilla tasted like cake batter- I'm not a true vanilla fan, but this is soooooooooooooooo good... I mix 1/2 a packet with some vanilla soy and it tasted like pancake batter- but not too sweet. I supplement this as a snack or meal (lunch). I'm trying to lose 10lbs and using this product with eating fresh fruits and salads will surely get me there. I'm full, satisfied with no shaky or hungry feeling. Yummy, yum, yum... You'll love it!!!Use 1/2 of a packet with 8 oz of soy or skim milk. A Full packet is very thick. I used a shaker bottle for about a minute and it was the perfect consistency.
Is It Cake or Is It Pudding?: Blend this with fruit, cold water, and ice cubes and you have dessert for dinner! Great base flavor. Good without the added ingredients.
Too hard to get dolls in!: I usually rely heavily on the Amazon reviews before making toy purchases. This time, however I did not listen and should have. I read the reviews about how hard it was to get dolls in and out and said to myself "How Hard can it be?" Well, Its nearly impossible!! My hands were twisted in so many different directions I couldnt beleive they actually put this out on the market. I bought this for my 3 year old son because he loves dolls and dollhouses. I will say that despite him having to call me every time he wants to change seating arrangements, he still does enjoy the car once everyone is in. (Sometimes its 20 minutes before I can get everyone in). My advice is to get a convertible or something else and pass on this one. (Unless you like whining and scratched up hands)
Even if you don't pay, you'll still want your money back: Basic technique for filtering out lousy movies: The cast contains 2 or 3 people you almost always enjoy, stars 1 person you've never even seen in a movie but heard of from another entertaintment field, and you've never heard of the movie before. According to imdb.com, this 3-year-old stinker put an end to Thalia's movie carreer, and that's about the only good thing I can say about it. A rambling script and misguided direction (both on the part of the same person) waste the talents of Paul Rodriguez and Danny Aiello (who barely appears). The other performances look more like half-baked read throughs. The fact that the opening sequence is supposed to take place in New York City at Christmastime, but people are running around in short sleeves should tip you off right away. Don't even think about taking a chance on this one.
A Great Movie!: I started watching Escaflowne when it was on T.V. and after 11 episodes they took it off, just left you hanging, not knowing what happened. It's such a good show that I had to see the whole series to know how it ended. It has just about everything that you would expect to see in a fantasy movie, knights, castles, dragons, romance, destiny and prophecy... and big robot like suits to battle with. The shows mainly revolves around Hitomi, a young girl who has visions, and how she and her friends try to stop the Zaibach Empire. Even though Zaibach's trying to obtain peace for the whole planet of Gaea, they destroy many countries and must be stopped. This has the best written story that I have seen from a cartoon yet.
SACD hybrid surround buyers beware!: fine cd! great music!get the remastered CD version. This is a warning, however, on the SACD version. It is a marginal surround hybrid mix and contains not a trace of bass in the subwoofer channel. all of the guitar comes from behind the listener. it's a pity this one couldn't have been done right.jeff probably has never heard the blasphemy of it all.
Blow by Blow: If you have heard Jeff Beck's Blow By Blow then you already know. If you have not, just go ahead and get it. It does not get any better than this! This is the real deal and an absolute must have!Enjoy!
Fantastic - Full Length & All Music - This Is The One To Own: Great childhood pictures of Karen and her brother. This video is non-stop music combined with photos and videos from the past. Especially for those who heard the Carpenters on the radio day after day, this video is a real treat.
... These are fakes...: Shame on Amazon for letting someone use this "venue" for selling poor fakes. You can't buy an *authentic* Vuitton Waltz for this price. Please don't buy this!
Don't waste your money: My husband picked this out and I bought it for his birthday last week. I gave it to him Saturday and it was broke by Wednesday (last night). He was using it in our back yard when the ball went flying off. It came with a replacement ball, so initially he thought it could be fixed. However the 2nd ball doesn't stay on, so we are thinking some other piece probably flew off as well, leaving us with a piece of junk.Luckily we purchased through SG and can get a refund (I'm told). He was so excited to use this thing, and loved it the first few days. Such a disappointment...hopefully this can save you from going through the same thing.
piece of junk: Broke first time I used it.When it worked it was highly inaccurate (I own a radar speed detector). Save your money.
JUNK! BEWARE...: This thing broke during the first use. Even when it did work, it would move when the ball was hit. This thing was so cheap, I knew I should have just returned it when I opened the box (I almost did). Please trust that you will not be happy with this.
Decide for yourself: This movie has gotten far too many negative reviews. Yes, this movie is dumb. But anyone who cares to take a second look can see that it was well thought out. The satire is great and timely. If you are not too proud or high minded to enjoy lowbrow comedy then you should give this movie a chance. Too many critics love to tear a movie apart because it does not suite their personal tastes, and they go out of their way to make everyone else hate it as well. This is too bad, and such people shouldn't write reviews at all, in my opinion. Good movie critics need to give people a chance to decide for themselves what they sould like or dislike. Just because you are a movie critic doesn't mean your tastes are better than anyone else's.
This movie stinks: An awesome cast of caracters was wasted on this lame movie. The music is the best part of the show. The movie couldn't decide if it was making fun of gangsta flicks, making fun of itself or just trying to make fun. Don't go!!
Can I go lower than one star?: Unfortunately I was stuck in a hotel room with this being the only movie in English to watch. This movie is extremely insulting to anyone's intelligence. It is not even worth seeing when there is nothing else to do! I actually gave this movie a chance and it really let me down. Wayans and Kudrow are extremely disappointing in this movie that is only a fraction of what it could have been. Maci X, what is that? A movie? Think again folks.
REALLY?: You censor a show called CaliFORNICATION? REALLY?!?!? Do you know why people watch the damn show?!?!?! STUPID!
Season Wasted: I enjoyed the first two seasons, but season 3 of Californication can easily be skipped. It's like being stuck on the last groove of an LP, it's going no where - and becomes annoying quickly. The worst thing about the series is the horrible duaghter whose shrill tone and off-dialogue analysis reminds one of the many uses of a bath tub, and an editor.
Can Somebody Pass the Cheese...: OK, here we go again! Not bad for direct to video, but not nearly as good as the first. I get the sense a TV show may be coming, lets hope not. Unrated features lots more nudity and gore than seen on Sci-Fi channel. Acting is cheesy, creatures are cheesy, set design is cheesy, but so was the 2nd installment. If you have the first 2, then you do need part 3 to complete your set. Just sit back, grab some pizza for all that cheese, and enjoy.
Saw it and I'll pass!!: I was hoping that this 3rd movie would be better than number 2, but it's long and boring......my advise is just stick with the first one as that one was a really good movie.Too bad 2 & 3 sucked, oh well live and learn!
Very nice kitchen table set!!: I was a little nervous about purchasing this kitchen table set. I am so very glad I bought it. It is so sturdy and a really beautiful set! It matches my kitchen perfectly and is a nice size. My boyfriend put it together in about an hour. The chairs take the most time to get together. It was quite heavy upon delivery. The delivery was great....only bad thing is getting an 8 hr time span for the delivery. Plan on sticking around home for an entire day. I give this table 5 stars and really love it!
A good mystery novel for young readers: A very quick read, probably because it was intended for the young adult reader. That being said, this is a good book for said audience, with just the right amount of all the elements that make up a mystery novel, while letting more of the important values stand out - family, friendship, forgiveness, letting go and moving forward.
Fast Paced: Mr. Roughan, where have you been?A truly fast paced action book with all the elements of intrigue and mystery.I enjoyed this very much.Please keep writing.The ending should not have been a surprise, however, it was!
Disappointing.: When finish watching this movie I was very disappointed. This movie didn't move me at all. The main character believes (if there were any) are never shown, it only tells very briefly of her being a Christian. If you are trying to buy this movie I would recommend to rented first to see if you like it.
There's a better version: For those who are considering buying this CD, there's a better version that you may consider getting instead of this one. That one is titled "The Ultimate Blue Train" (1997) with the same cover photo but contains all the tracks on this one plus two extra tracks which are alternate takes of "Blue Train" and "Lazy Bird". Thanks to SBM remastering, that other version also sounds much more lively than this one. "The Ultimate Blue Train" is also enhanced with multimedia which you can play on the PC with video as well. However, if you can't get "The Ultimate Blue Train", you should at least get this classic recording of John Coltrane without which no Jazz collection is complete. In fact, this "Blue Train" is already a very good one. It's only that "The Ultimate Blue Train" is even better.
Try The Ultimate Blue Train: If you are a John Coltrane or jazz fan, and if you enjoy "Blue Train", I highly recommend getting "The Ultimate Blue Train&quot... available from Amazon. It has the same 5 original songs, plus 2 alternate takes of Blue Train and Lazy Bird, plus it is newly remastered and is enhanced with many interviews with the other players and Rudy Van Gelder, plus a video of Miles Davis and John Coltrane performing "So What" and tons of photos. This version is great, but the "Ultimate" is so much better and worth the few extra dollars.
NOT A TRUE DVD-A!!!: This is not a true DVD-AUDIO... normally, the point of a DVD-A formatted disc is to remix the original album in 5.1 surround, playable on dvd-a players or dvd players with 5.1 surround sound.This is NOT the case... this is merely a higher quality recording (higher bit-rate) disc of a classic coltrane album.If you don't already own this album, you should get it. but if you already own the "regular" cd, this is not what you probably want.
Au Contraire: I totally disagree with the prior review! The DVD-A format does NOT specify that content be Dolby 5.1. It is simply an extremely high bit rate format, that can be anything from 5.1 channels to simple (very high bit rate) two channel stereo. So, if you love this music, AND have a player that will play DVD-A (not many do), then buy this version immediately. It is a two channel stereo presentation at over 9Mb data rates which means it sounds EXACTLY like the original master tapes. It has all of the analog feel of the original master tapes, with none of the standard CD corruption. A must have if you love this music.
pretty good: Pretty good tie storage, the other reviewers are right though, 4 ties per slot is pushing it. If your ties are thick or long (mine are both) you're really only going to get 3 per slot so 9 total. Still, it's well made and smells really nice. I just ordered a second one so I'll be covered for a while.
Caution this is so damn good: The perfect cure for self-doubt, from chuck's initial battle cry of "I need a remedy...." to the last note this is a frieght train of all that is best of one the greatestest American bands no music collection is complete without it
STAN SMITH TENNIS: I purchased this 2 years ago and returned it.This style pre-dates the dinosaur.No one plays tennis like that anymore.Besides, this was made in the 70's or early 80's and look absolutely horrible on an HD set.Desperately needs updating.
Tennis Shoes: When I ordered the shoes, I thought there would be a screen to change to shoe size or else let me cancel the order. It did not, so I had to return them and have not yet received my refund
Almost the same...just too small. Order up a 1/2 size???: My hubbie has been wearing Stan Smiths for a looooong time. For a while they were difficult to find. We were delighted to find them on Amazon. HOWEVER, they are not true to size. I have to return them & reorder a larger size. (Return shipping is on me, apparently.) I saw this same comment from someone else. We even held the shoe up to his old Stan Smiths to compare the length of the 2 shoes- the new one is obviously shorter. Hoping an 11 1/2 will fit like the old 11!
Lackluster Performance: If you like Black Uhuru, you will be disappointed by this lackluster performance and minimalist musical arrangements.
Save your money!: This game is a big waste of money. It is nearly impossible to see the screen. If you like freecell, there are other handheld freecell games that are a lot better.
Love this Workout: I bought this video on VHS in 2001 after I had my first child. I was desperate to lose the weight and tone up. I found that after about 2 months of giving this exercise video a try I was in better shape than before I even got pregnant! Every exercise routine reaches a plateau, however I found that the better in shape I got, the more fun this video is. I admit I couldn't even get through the first two circuits when I first started, and woke up so sore I couldn't even walk up the stairs. A few years later, I'm still loving this video and use it as a great and fast cardio workout. I'm not a fitness expert, and I read a lot that this is beginner/intermediate, but it is a good basic video with no corny whooping and hollering. She is down to earth, but gives enough motivation in her video to keep up with the workout. Minna is awesome, and I do have a lot of her videos in my collection.
Good but heavy architectural review: This is really a great book for an in depth architetural and archeoligical review of the Vijayanagara site... It does a great job reviewing and descriping some of the pertinent buildings to this study. A little light on pictures, though, and probably pretty heavy for the casual student.
This family is fun: I enjoyed it tremendously. Out of the first three in the series this was my favorite. I think it's an individual thing. Each brother in the Carsington family of course has to be a bit different. I was kind of surprised we went from the third brother to the first brother in the series but not at all dismayed. I loved the plot and the setting. The characters were really fun. Bathsheba is quite a character tho' trying not to live up to the family name. The ending is quite funny. That scheming Lord Hargate is turning out to be quite the guy. The scheming daughter and the precocious nephew are quite the team. I loved how this played out and the care and concern you can see between the uncle and nephew. (I ignore the sexual parts. Thankfully not overly graphic but a number of them in each novel.)
under gemini: rather naive and boring..it is written well enough .just has not grabbed my interest at all..will sit it aside and give it a second chance later
Be cautious: Despite the warnings from other reviewers, I purchased this book. After reading through it and deciding that the pattern for the Monogrammed blanket seemed reasonable, I ordered the yarn from my favorite yarn on-line yarn store. My gauge swatch was right on, and I set to work. I've finished my first ball of yarn and have realized there is NO way the specified yarn -- 6 balls of 50gm (98 yards) -- will be enough. I suppose I should have considered that the last sweater I finished used the same amount of yarn, and it was a cardigan shrug -- not nearly a 36x29in blanket.As others have said, the pictures are beautiful and the finished garments lovely. However I wish the directions lead to those same things.
Disappointed: The original mirrors on my '94 Jeep Wrangler would not stay in place anymore. We had to re-adjust them every time we shut the doors. I spent some time looking for replacement mirrors and found these. I paid $86.72, with shipping, and they are no better than my old mirrors. Every time we close the doors the mirrors need re-adjusting. I have tightened the set screws so tight they won't tighten anymore. I'm going to put my old, original, mirrors back on. I don't know how these mirrors got the great reviews. I could understand if I got one defective mirror but not two. So I have to believe they are all that way. I would recommend to everybody to not buy these mirrors.
I love Frost!: David Jason rocks! I fell in love with him in Open All Hours, which I have the complete short series. I'm slowly getting all of the Frost sets collected. I have watched all of them on Netflix and love it love it love it! I love seeing David as Frost and how he adds his own sense of comedy to it. His emotions are great on this show. I love the characters he stars with as well. I wish this could have went on forever, but I'm grateful for Netflix because I would never have seen it if it wasn't for them. Yay Frost!
Best of British Police Mysteries: Frost is an unpolished Morse who deals with real crime in a mid-sized city.He dislikes authority,is not neat,but is clever,brave,lucky,and emphathetic with victims.Each episode is 100 minutes,andtakes 5 weeks to produce (an attractive bonus feature is an interview with David Jason).There is good character developmentof each of the principles,and for each episode Frost has a different partner (this is deliberate).The acting,photographyand music are excellent.Small comic elements present a contrastto the main story line.Eventually,there may be 10 sets in thisseries,and I intend to get all of them.Series 4 is one of thebest,because of the interview,and stories such as the first(kidnapped sister).
excellent cd: i never heard of rsj until she came to our local church (but i didn't go see her because, at the time, i didn't know who she was. stupid mistake.) however, i have been so blessed and inspired by this cd. the music itself is great (i've listened to "peace" and "omega" countless times already). But even more, i've been touched by the message. In listening to her cd, i'm so encouraged to be reminded that God is using young people today to share His hope and message.rsj feels led to make young people 'shine' brightly for Christ, and this cd definitely had that effect on me. highly recommended.
somewhat dissapointed: I would say this cd is okay. I'm not a huge fan of hers. I definitely think that she could've taken her skills to a more talented level. She should have taken her talent farther. I totally liked her "God" album better.
Stunning!: Her albums have consistently improved, this being best so far. I like "God" also, but "Pray" is more mature, more reflective too, I think. Anyway, I listen to "Peace" over and over without tiring of it! Other favorite tracks: "Pray," "Love to Love You," and especially "Omega" (album version FAR SUPERIOR to the version on the WoW 2000 CD). What impresses me most is the sincerity that just shines through, and her obvious unwavering commitment to Jesus Christ. Great to see godly young people out there using their musical gifts to minister and to make a difference. Plus, she's a very talented songwriter. Bravo!
Embellished: Even though Boren is an experienced writer, and a good one at that, he embellishes his books to the point where they are no longer a reliable source of information. He has embellished the truth so much so, that this book is nothing short of a ficticious tale. Anyone who would use this book to aide them in a search for the Lost Rhoades Mine, or the fabled Shin-Ob is running after a ghost. Mr. Boren also invented the Shin-Ob, as well as the word "Towats" to mean "The Great Sprit". Towats means "Man" nothing else. This book is great for the fire place.
AmyR: This is a great all-purpose seasoning. It's wonderful on greenbeans that you sautee in garlic and then sprinkle with Aromat! Oh so yummy! This spice is hard to find!
How did this make the top-20?: There are only 2 or 3 basic melodies on this album and they just keep repeating in tracks that are just marginally different from one-another. I can only conclude that millions of people(including myself), were victims of mass propaganda. I was very disapointed in this album. If Enya's Shepard Moons is a 10 then this album is a 0.8. There are far better movie soundtracks out there, don't waste your money on this one!
Easy to read and interesting!: Judaism cannot be reviewed in one book, but this is a good start for those who want to know more about Judaism. I explored Judaism almost three years ago when I started dating a Jewish man and this was a great beginning step for me. It provides facts, albeit brief, into history, teachings, and beliefs. So many of my questions were answered in the first few chapters. If you don't have a lot of time to read, this is also a great book because it's so thorough and user-friendly. It's a great resource to ground you into more complex teachings later.I recommend this fun book to anyone wanting to learn more about this amazing religion, or as a brush up!
Great Book!: This book provides an accurate basic account of the Jewish faith for all who are interested. It also adds amusing references to pop culture and real-life sitations.
first timer: This is my first aquarium and the skilter was recommended to me. It has Been running a month now and I havent had any issues, also it is easy to clean.
Books I Have Read: The 3 Books I bought I had read over 20 yrs ago...I wanted to re-read them & share w/others...I was surprised that I purchased 2 of them cheaper than when I my original purchase price & were Brand New...One of them was out of print & was listed as very good condition, but I found it to be in Excellent Condition for a Used Book...
Prime time JB: this is a slamming Live concert by James Brown were He truly gets down. you know His Band is always on point.JB Shifts so well between the Funk&Hwen he does "It's a Mans World" he Brings the Pain.a must have&See Performance from the Godfather.
A little slow at first but well worth it.: It took a while to set the plot, and it kinda dragged for a few chapters so I almost put it down, but it picked up in a very intriguing way. I foung Passing Shadow to be one of the most vileshamans since Navahk(Corridor of Storms by William Sarabande). A very good read with a different feel than a lot of other pre-historic works. Just hang on througt the first 5 or 7 chapters, it does get better.
This is being re-released Oct. 17th 2006....: by Warner BBC. They usually can be counted on for a decent transfer. This is an altogether wonderful 5 star film deserving of a DVD transfer better than this version. Here's hoping the new one this October will be it.I've seen the cover art for the Oct 17, 2006 release and it says: "Stunning new digital transfer." Wait for this very excellent movie and purchase it then.
Collectors and fans are sure getting a boatload of material.: You know, the PR materials sum it up the best; The Band's new career-spanning box set, A Musical History, is the most comprehensive collection ever created for the group. Packaged within a 108-page hardcover book brimming with previously unseen photos and memorabilia are five CDs and one DVD documenting The Band's entire recording career from 1963 to 1976. Among the set's 111 audio and video tracks are 37 previously unreleased recordings and filmed clips captured live and in-studio.Sonically, the material sounds quite dated. I watched a Ronnie Hawkins show from 1995 and he is 10x better today then he was thirty years ago. Granted, I wasn't even born until The Band had already broken up. I only know tracks like "The Weight" and "Who Do You Love" because other bands have covered them or they've been in commercials. All in all, collectors and fans are sure getting a boatload of material.
Dear Kathy: I had heard Ms Kelly speak in public in my town. Afterward I knew that I wanted to have her words to savor. This book is primarily a diary of many experiences worldwide as a dedicated peacemaker. Her word are supremely convincing to me about the direction my feelings should go even if my body can't do it.
Inspirational: I only wish I would have read this book in the begenning of my language studies. It would have helped me overcome some of the barriers of learning a new language sooner. Currently I am fluent in Korean and proficient in German, Japanese, and Spaniish. After reading this book I am ready to push harder and become fluent in several languages. The story was interesting putting his life in perspective and showing how he learned. A must have for anyone interested in learning several languages.
Great inexpensive printer: You just can't beat the price. Plus the fact that it has a tray for the paper is great. NEVER get a printer that is gravity fed. It never fails that eventually, the printer will develop a habit of trying to grab more than one sheet of paper. You rarely get this behavior with tray fed printers. The only downside to this printer is that you can't upgrade the memory and that it has no printer language. This is a GDI based printer where the printer driver on the desktop does all the page layout then basically shoots an image to the printer. If you have a DOS machine, this may not work for you. But for Windows based system - this prints FAST.
A great classic: I saw The Lost Boys when it first came out and then never saw it again till it was on TV. I enjoyed it so much that I wanted to buy the DVD (no commercials). Great movie and my daughter loves Kiefer Sutherland. Has a little bit of everything and I love the soundtrack too. My favorite is Jason Patric. Could watch it over and over and never get sick of it.
Forever Young...: I remember watching THE LOST BOYS over and over (on rented VHS!!) back in the summer of 1988. I thought it was the coolest vampire movie I'd ever seen. Well, I just watched it again last night, and I must say that I still enjoyed it quite a bit. Time is never kind to such films, and the goofy fashions, hilarious hairstyles, and dull synth-music are all pretty humourous now. Still, TLB has a strong story w/ interesting characters that transcend their silly surroundings. Corey Haim (SILVER BULLET) and Corey Feldman (FRIDAY THE 13TH 4: THE FINAL CHAPTER) are excellent, as are Jason Patric and Kiefer Sutherland (FLATLINERS, DARK CITY, PHONEBOOTH). As for the LOST BOYS vs. NEAR DARK debate, I love both movies for completely different reasons. LOST BOYS is more fun, while NEAR DARK is a fantastic horror movie! Get 'em both!...
"Drink and be one of us...": This is a great vamp flick. It is about a newly divorced mother and her sons who move into Santa Carla, a city overriden with vampires. Michal, her oldest son, becomes one of these creatures by falling in love with Star, a demi-vampire. He then tries to stop the others and fight what he had become. While being a good movie plot-wise, I think that the protagonists were a bit on the corny side and am truly amazed that they won. All in all, it's something to see if you're a vampire movie enthusiast.
Truely Cheesetastic.: A typical 80's "cheese" film. It follows all the guidelines of the 80's comedy-horror genre to the last dot and stands out perfectly. It is one of my all time favorite films, (not only due to the fact it has Keifer Sutherland in, mainly because it is so cheesey.) I only have one question that someone may be able to answer, on one of the poster boards showing pictures of missing people there is supossed to be a picture of Star, but i'll be damned if i can find it, can anyone help? END
Awesome cast: The lost boys is an action packed, and has an awesome cast of characters. Kieffer Sutherland plays the lead vampire, who leads a gang of "lost boys" who are vampires. When Micahel and Sam move to Santa Carla, they don't realize that they call it the murder capitol of the world for nothing. They are about to find out, where all the lost and missing children have gone, or better yet what they have "become". The gang is after Micahel, and it's a battle for dawn when he tries to save his friends. This is a great action/horror flick of the 80's, everyone should have it in their collection!
Pop Culture Vampire Classic: The perfect '80's vampire film. A great cast who all seem to really understand and love the script, fun effects, cool soundtrack, blood, gore, and laughs all add up to one of the better vampire films that moved the genre out of the Transilvania age. Jason Patric was on the verge of his total coolnees, the Coreys were still cute and funny, Edward Herrmann playing against his serious mini-series type, Dianne Weist the doting daffy mom and Barnard Hughes as the Jimmy Buffet of grandfathers all add up to a really fun ride.It's a comic, action-adventure, thriller, vampire flick that makes the cynics proud of how the genre could be modernized and still allow the cynics to laugh - freely.Visually stunning, fun, cool and worthy of its cult status.
I'm still waiting: I am very upset because I still have not received the movie. It has never taken so long to receive any of the product that I have ordered on-line.
TV Generation: Another Classic Action Movie from the Master of Disaster Irwin Allen. Too much water has to go somewhere, even when a town is in the way! His other Classics include Fire, The Swarm (Killer Bees), The Poseidon Adventure, and TV Series Swiss Family Robinsion (1975-76).
witty, charming, sophisticated, most importantly romantic: In the spirit of Jane Austin, Where Roses Grow Wild's social commentaries, of Victorian England, are nicely blended with wit and charm. The characters are engaging, the pace is high energy. Most importantly this Victorian romance leaves the reader wanting to know more about the characters, and this reader hopes that Cabot will indulge her.
Very weak and boring: There are so many better books out on 9|11 and the firefighters response. This one is a mostly boring account of Picciotto's day.His second to second retelling of it is so tedious I could never read more than 20 pages in a sitting.I've read a lot on this subject matter and instead of this check out "Report from Ground Zero" and "Firehouse".
Major Disappointment: Chief Picciotto's favorite word seems to be "I" and his favorite topics seem to be his very high opinion of himself coupled with his disdain for higher authority at FDNY and City Hall. Taking nothing away from his personal valor on 9/11, the book was a major disappointment. If you are looking for the definitive account of what happened at the Trade Towers that tragic day skip this book and buy "Report from Ground Zero" by Dennis Smith.
Does not work: This product is completely unreliable. I was told this by a game store before I bought, but got it anyway because it is much cheaper than the Nintendo brand memory. It is completely unreliable, just like the store said it would be. Don't buy this! Now my kid is upset, has lost all the progress he made on two games, and has to start over with a Nintendo brand memory card. Perhaps it is Nintendo's fault and not Intec's but none the less this one is a looser.
gunk in the cracks: WARNING: do not waste one second of your eyeballs' existence watching POP SKULL. this is no-budget, grade-Z slime. a wet toad could fart a better narrative. and beware the seizure-inducing flashes: the people who made this movie are trying to hurt you. this is not a joke. i feel oozy just writing this review. drek of the worst sort. the gunk at the bottom of the culture drain, clogged with tangles of self-loathing and maggots of hate.i intend to destroy my copy.no joke.
Polar Lights Star Trek Nemesis Scorpion Model Kit ...save your money: This production looks fantastic, but assembly is made difficult by how flimsy the pieces are, especially internal components that have "pins" that break off easily. This is purported to be "snap together" but it does not hold together well and easily falls apart if handled much. The only successful way to insure integrity of the final product is to glue it, but again, the individual pieces are fragile. Product needs significant improvement. Very disappointed!
Supernatural: I enjoyed the show Supernatural on T.V. So this Anime show , you will enjoy also if you liked or loved Supernatural shows!
A bit different....: This Anime series is very different from the live action version but still touches on key points in the original series. They are able to do alot more action wise as its animation. One thing that bothered me was that JP did all of the episodes as Sam but JA only did two as Dean. The rest of the episodes were split between like two or three other voice actors. Besides that, It's actually watchable and I really hate anime.
Someone needed pocket money: Wow.. I know some actors make extra cash by doing "crap-work" in other countries, but this was terrible.They litterally looked like they were reading it cold off a teleprompter! And the stories are all re-hash of the US TV show. NOTHING original.Save your money....
Can't beat the price: I bought several packs of these for crafts and it was worth the price. The paper is so big you can cut them if you need too and still have a lot of paper to still work with!
strength & grace ~ a must have: Minna is not only a pleasant instructor, but she gives you a real challenge of a workout. This workout both builds muscle strength and develops balance. While perhaps a challenge for a beginner, this video will bring you to the next level in core strength and stability. What I like about "Strength & Grace" is the incorporation of key yoga poses like warrior, tree and downward dog. Even though I do work out regularly, there are some moves that are balance challenging; like the "T" Pose. The ab section is also very good; using moves like boat pose. This is a wonderful overall workout and the music fits perfectly. Love this video!
Very Pleased: I am very pleased with my Enell Bra and the shipping process from the Amazon vendor. When I first put it on the compression seemed a little tight, but when I was able to run comfortably for the first time in a long time I was so happy. You definitly need to hook it from the bottom up and I found it easier to put it on while laying down. As it gets warmer I will be ordering others.
Enell Sports bra: Works very well. Not very stretchy, so it holds things in place. The only sports bra I've found that works for me.
Excellent product: Very solid sports bra from larger sizes. Prompt mailing and product was described perfectly. The material and workmanship are excellent.
love it: have to say this is the only sports bra that keeps my watermelons up. It does more than its job. I love this bra a lot, it sits my breast ups and hold them in place.
Not my favorite sports bra: I was looking for a good sports bra to wear while I work out and found this one through various reviews and was excited to have a bra that had lots of support for larger women particularly during exercise. When I received the bra I took the labels off and put it on. I wore it around the house before going to the gym. I didn't like it mainly for two reasons: 1)when I moved it also made a squeak sound, and 2)the way that it closes with many hooks in the front made it difficult to put on and take off. So, I was going to return it, only IF you take the tags off, they won't take it back. So now I am stuck with it. Looks like I will wind up giving it away. I found a better sports bra at Catherines that was half the price and zips up the front.
Cruise Control Bonnie: I don't know why I was disappointed with this. Ever since I saw her in 1976 after an explosive opening set by this guy named Tom Waits, I always expect that same sort of rip your guts out slide guitar and scorching blues/rock sound I heard back in those days.29 years later I can't say any of her albums have been able to capture that sound I recall. Oh, well, it's an old recollection. (But I still recall Tom belting out, "The piano has been drinking, not me. Not me.)Ms. Raitt's albums always seem to be these slickly produced, VH1-friendly collections of other people's songs-hence the awards and sales, etc. This one is no exception. Each song has a made for TV SUV commercial quality to it I just find more than a bit dull.So, curl up, cross that still nice leg underneath you there, purse up those thin, nicely painted lips, sip from a nice hot cup of green tea, adjust that brand new laptop just so, and click NOOOOOO on this review....
my perspectiv: the title is very amusing one could say. thats what got me sucked in. i wanted to look at an apolegtic view of archeology and historicity of the bible. unfortunately this dvd does not carry those qualities. very repedative, does not have anything a 6th grade history book doesnt already have on the middle east, and so boring. ive seen a dozen movies on archeaology of the bible, and i must say this was the worste. you wanted my opinion and i am trying to speak unabashingly that this movie has no left hook, nothing outstanding, and doesnt even get to the point until 45 minutes in. watch a preview of it on youtube before you buy it
Best product for the price.: Met all my expectations. Best value I was able to find. Only drawback is picture in picture requires an outside tuner. I was not able to get the vcr to serve as tuner.
Great film: Christian Bale is perfect for this role. He is genius in this. It couldn't have been better. I cant quite put a genre to this, its one of those 'multi-genre' type of movies, but it can appeal to so many tastes. Its kinda twisted and naughty but great at the same time. A must-see.
Absolutely Amazing: A film I can watch over and over again and find out new things. Did he really kill 'Paul Allen'? Did he really kill anyone? An amazing film adapted from an excellent novel which I would recommend to everyone. A definate must see.
Less Than Zero?: Maybe the reviewers read this one or The Informers and mistook them for American Psycho, amd maybe Mary Harron did the same. The movie bears only a fleeting resemblance to the book and misses the point entirely. Aside from that, it was poorly done. I would click over and buy the book...you will be deeply disturbed by it. As for the movie, skip it!
....if only i could give it -5 stars or at least 0......: Some movies are meant to entertain, some are meant to dazzle, while others dramatically captivate....this film embarasses the hell out of you after wasting your money on it!What a complete disgrace to the film buisness!!!What comes to mind after viewing this abominable waste of time and money?! I will let you figue that one out if you are stupid enough to get this! DO NOT GET IT!!!! Spare yourself the frustration and embarrasment you will feel after watching it.TAKE MY ADVICE!!!! Seriously, this is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen...none even come close!
BAD DOG FOOD GARBAGE: If this film was meant to be a satire it failed completely. It show us rich people having "fun". So my point is: What do we care? When Oliver Stone made "Natural Born Killers" people didn't understand the satire because the film was too clever and they were to stupid. Even if "American Psycho" is a satire, a bad one indeed, we got nothing that can relate to us. To our lives. And if I would be Phil Collins I would be really ashamed today. This film don't makes you feel anything, and it's not much "fun". To quote Oliver Stone: "I'm surprised that a lot of directors today find violence entertaining. You know, to shout somebody is fun, it's hip, it's cool..."
American Psycho - OVERKILL: 'American Psycho' is about a man who thinks his 'mask of sanity is about to slip'. He has a tendency to go crazy and kill guests at his home. He uses chainsaws, axes, knives. Lots of unpleasent things to make sure his innocent victims stay DEAD. You don't see him killing anyone. Just the dead bodies, but that is not the point.With such talented actress's like Reese Witherspoon and Samantha Mathis, it is extreamely disappointing to find that they are totally wasted in this movie. They deserve a lot better.....Hopefully with such small parts, people will forget that these two women are in this shocking movie and not hire it.This movie should have stayed as a book.
Sean Axmaker has no business reviewing movies...: My goodness, if Sean Axmaker must review a movie by slamming a President, he needs to find another profession! How can you respect a person who cannot separate his political bias from his profession?This movie is very entertaining. However, the ending was poorly edited, and confusing. Still fun to watch on a slow Friday night, if you are a person who enjoys suspense and crime dramas that revolve around serial killers.
Is that it?: The only thing good about "American Psycho" was Christian Bale's wonderful portrayal of the twisted Patrick Bateman. Otherwise, this movie went on and on aimlessly as we watch Batemen torment one victim after another until he has a nervous breakdown and then the movie ends. This film has a promising plot, but is missing someting vital. It was an empty film. I suggest "A Clockwork Orange" if you want a better movie under the same genre.
55555 stars: This is one of those movies which does not only convey a story, but an atmosphere much like Fight Club, and the Matrix to an extent. The humour is not obvious; Bateman finds the shade of white on his business card more important than slaughtering coworkers. Some people's reviews have given this film a low rating because 'the film doesn't give them any deep spiritual enlightenment' or 'There's nothing here that an intelligent person who has barely scrutinised the 80s can't get, and there's no reason to sit through almost two hours of tripe to get to it'. Lighten up, it's a film, it is meant to be entertainment not a social economics lecture. I would file this DVD between Fight Club and Phil Collins Live. It is probably best viewed for the second time as the humour relies on knowledge of the story/character. In my opinion this is in my top 5 films.
Horrible Horrible Movie: This movie was terrible. Barely a plot, horrible acting. I don't know what all the humdrum was about. I hated it.
A good, but misundertood movie.: I think the biggest thing about American Psycho that a lot of people missed was that it was a SATIRE. A lot of people see the title and expect to see a slasher Friday-night-at-the-movies flick and wind up disappointed instead of open minded. The violence was only a backdrop or run away exadgeration of what a life like this could lead up to. In fact, I'm sure a lot of people have fantasies such as these (when under pressure), but are too rational to act on them. The conclusion may leave some, including myself puzzled, but then again this IS suppose to be a movie that makes you think. For similar movies, check out In the Company of Men, WallStreet, and more yuppie shows on NBC.
Good Stuff: I wasn't a big fan of Christian music. For one thing, I'm not even Christian. I'm more into listening to mainstream stuff, Rage, Dre, all that stuff. So when my friend insisted on me listening to his WOW99 Christian cd, I was a bit relunctant; however, after just listening to the first two songs on the first disc, I was hooked. This is a damn good cd that anyone can enjoy. I recommend it to everyone. You wont regret buying it.
anonymous: the tape was advertised as new yet did not work. i really wanted to see this movie because it stars the great vincent price.
set things straight: first off this album is not worth 100 bucks. pay no more than 20, and thats if your a valor big valor fan because this album has live recordings of valor and rozz but more of valor singing rozz songs and valor totally trying to impersonate rozz's voice on every song. It's crazy hearing him try so hard to imitate rozz's voice on these live tracks. These live concerts with valor singing are cause appearently rozz just quite the band and did not go on tour with them to europe. The quality of the sound is very pour. You could bearly hear the music. Only the vocals are pretty much heard. And if your a rozz fan on one hand its cool cause you're gonna hear some live tracks of rozz but hate the album when you hear valor singing rozz songs. These tracks were recorded between roughly 1983- 1988.If your fans of both its an okay album to have but its not worth 100 bucks. I'm a fan of both and to me it's only worth 20 bucks. so don't be dumb and spend more than 20.
For women who want to be Stepford Wives: This book was definitely not for me. I would have appreciated some biblical foundations on where some of these opinions of womanhood come from. Then, maybe would be open to receiving some advice on what materials I should or shouldn't wear to please my husband. I'm all for serving and respecting my husband, but I am not defined by that. I'm defined by who God says I am, not by how much my husband shows affection towards me and loves me. If you are going to put this book into your Spirit, please know that God loves you more than your husband could ever love you, and he will show you by faith in JESUS in the LIVING WORD of GOD (bible), how to love and honor your husband.
Mormon propoganda garbage!: Teaching women to 'get their way with their man' through manipulative priciples while pretentending to be 'submissive.'
The system didn't work in the long haul: I first read this book in my teens, twenty-five years ago. I thought it was wonderful and I based a large part of my life and who I was on its instructions. It worked to some extent - people told me I was very feminine. Well, being feminine didn't do me much good. Here I am, twenty-five years later, with a husband who refuses to work or be a father to his children. I am the family's breadwinner and the children's guide and disciplinarian. My husband lives at home like a overgrown teenager who lets Mom bear all the responsibilities. I feel like I've been duped. I based my life on system that didn't deliver for me.
GAG! PUKE! MAKES ME WANT TO THROW UP!: This book is sickening. If you want to be a doormat and be walked all over the rest of your life, go ahead and follow the techniques in this book! This book makes me want to puke! Basically this book teaches you to lower your standards in order to make someone else happy! Yeah, that makes good sense....
Great Movie Bad DVD: This DVD didn't play in my home player at all and barely played in my computer. Apparently Anchor Bay has had some issues with DVD quality. I'd suggest renting it first to make sure it plays in your machine.
Number One Cookbook in My Kitchen: I am enjoying two weeks off at Christmas and went "crusing" on the net to find recipes for Panetone (festive Italian Christmas Bread) and found this site with the lavish comments and laudatory praises for Carol Field's book. I also found a "doable" panetone recipe I could conjure up. After a visit to a local bookstore and finding this "treasure" I am hooked! I bought it on Sunday and it's now Thursday and I have read over 100 pages--not only for the tasty recipes, but the detailed, insatiable descriptions of the regions, and history of the recipe at hand. Never have I had a cookbook that I could rave about like this one. After spending 10 years in Vicenza and Napoli with my Army husband, I recognize the regions she so adeptly describes and the foods that complement the plates on the table. Do not miss this one, it is a rare jewel. Thank you Carol for the best christmas present I got this year!
the myth of osteoporosis: The seller worked very hard to make sure that the product was delivered to us. I loved this book the first time I read it, I wanted another copy that I could share with my friends
The myths of Osteoporosis: I think this is a good book for all woman to read I was only 34 when I found out I had osteoporosis.
Great fun at a great price: This game is a spin off of the now out of production Milton Bradley Hot shot basketball. Unlike Hot shot basketball this game isn't electronic. The upside is that it dosent need batterys and it dosent really need to be electronic especially if you have two players. For under 10 bucks this is the coolest game and it folds right up so you can carry it around. I would recommend anyone to buy this game. But if you have a [local store] in your area I would go there first because they carry the same brand for 10 bucks and you wont have to pay shipping. Otherwise buy this baby right now!
Beginnings is pre-little River Band.: "Beginnings" is an album created from the songs of Little River Band members Beeb Birtles and Graham Goble when the were in the group Mississippi and from Glen Shorrock when he was in the group Axiom.It has some outstanding tracks such as Mississippis's "Kings Of The World",a big hit in Australia and an anti-war song called "Will I".From Glen's Axiom group comes a brilliant classic ballad called "A Little Ray Of Sunshine" which was about the birth of a baby.It hit number one in Australia and would have been a huge hit world-wide if it had gotten airplay.Also from Axiom comes "Arkansas Grass,Fords Bridge,I Can't Let Go Of This Feeling and Yesterday,Today and Tomorrow".Had Axiom got a start in the USA,they could have been the new Eagles because they were that good.An album worth getting just for good songs that deserve a listen.
Magick Brothers - 'Live At The Witchwood,1991' (Voiceprint): Apparently a one-time side project for Gong main man Daevid Allen.'Live At...' is basically good trippy 'head' music.Plenty of that Allen type of wit that many of us have come to expect.Eleven tracks with a duration of 73:10.Some exclusive cuts to this disc as well as several Gong obscurities,like "Zero Theme","Magick Brothers"(off the very first Gong lp of the same name)and the 12-minute "Wise Man In Your Heart".Also some Allen solo material "I Am My Own Roadie" and "Trial By Headline".Line-up:Daevid Allen-guitar&vocals,Graham Clarke-violin and Mark Robson-keyboards&digeridoo.A should-have.
great stuff!!: a fine cd of jumping xmas tunes. The upproar that caused them to pull the version of "silent night" was concern about that verse " round young virgins, motherless child". Oh well, sounds good to me!
4 Little Girls: This is a must see for any person who truly believes in equal opportunity for all Americans. Set aside any feelings about Spike Lee. This is not his story and nor is it told like it is. This story is the story of the families (and communities) unnecesseary, unspeakable loss that should be told again again. Lest we forget. It will grip your heart. It is shocking that people can be so cruel and ignorant and insensitive in such a time of conflict and sorrow. With a huge amount of our population born prior to 1955, you best believe that these memories are alive a well as if it happened yesterday. Any history teacher worth their grain of salt and honesty, should be showing this movie. As a parent, share it with your children. Civil rights has come a long way, but still has a long way to go.
Not happy.: I'm sitting here in Kandahar, Afghanistan wanting to quit smoking. I've managed to develop a 2 pack a day habit here, so I made the decision to quit. Here's the kicker: I have in my possession Step 2 and Step 3 - and I've had them for three weeks now. All I'm waiting on is Step 1. Needless to say, I'm not pleased with my purchase or with the retailer who was happy to take my money but not send my product.Still waiting until 6 April because that's the deadline date they told me was the latest date I would have my product. After that day comes and goes and I still don't have the product I've ordered and paid for, I most certainly will get a full refund, order from someone else, and then wait some more so I can get some help with quitting smoking.Thanks for nothing so far.
No difference: I used this for weeks in the middle of summer (the worst time for my oily skin) and could tell no difference in oiliness whatsoever. Disappointed.
Quite large and sturdy: These are nice-they are large and pretty sturdy. The interlocking feature for storage is wonderful! The only thing that would make them really prefect is if they could be used int he microwave-but I see they have others than can be.
Great for elderly: I bought these for my father who loves his fresh corn. At 74 years his hands are giving him trouble and the large grips are perfect. They stay in the dishwasher baskets and the prongs slide into each other to prevent getting stabbed by them when stored in the drawer.
Good Read: This book was not better then the first book in the series but definately beter then the 2nd one. I found the story boring at time as some issues that were already discussed in the fist book where discussed again in the 3rd book. Other then that it was a good continuation.
Princess Sultana is a true heroin!: I had read all three of the Princess books, and I loved them all! I think that Princess Sultana has so much strength and courage to do what she did, especially deciding to continue to share her story with the world after her family found out. I think this really means a lot to people, I know it did for me. Princess Sultana has been an inspiration to many people around the world, and is showing the importance of both human rights and women's rights on a personal level. Thank you Princess Sultana and Jean Sasson for sharing your story with the world. It has meant many things for many people!
Disappointing: Having read the other two "Princess" books, I found this particular book quite disappointing. While the personal growth and maturation that has taken place within Sultana is quite obvious on the one hand, on the other hand, this book seems to be a self-indulgent journey into the plight of a "poor little rich girl." While Princess Sultana's concern about women still comes through in the book, it comes through as more of a subtext underneath the more overarching tale of her life within the incredibly wealthy royal family, and her struggles with alcoholism. It focuses more on *her* and much, much less on the plight of women in Saudi Arabia. For this reason, it's not a book that I would particularly recommend to readers who enjoyed the first two books.
Full of lies...: When you do not come from an Arabic country, reading this book might be extremely horrifying because of the events that take place in the story. However, if you are an Arab then you know that the events stated in this book will never occur. Saudi Arabia is a country, it has rules and laws, and there are many mnay laws that protect women in Saudi Arabia regardless of what this book says. Many of the information about the Islamic religion is false as well. If you want to read a book to get a sense of what women's lives are in Saudi Arabia and the Arab world then do yourself a favor and do not read this book! Our lives, thank God, are wonderful. We have our rights, and we are equal to men. There is no law that demeans women in the Arabian world. I am an Arab, I am a woman, I come from an open-minded society (Kuwait), and yet I am strongly against this book because it does not speak the truth.
Review of Adam and Eve: The book was very interesting. I had never given much thought to what they did after leaving the Garden of Eden. This book fills in a lot of the blanks.
This Studio: A2ZCDS, Inc. has bad products: This Studio: A2ZCDS, Inc. has bad products because I made the mistake and purchased one of another dvd that this Studio: A2ZCDS, Inc. sold claiming stuff that was not true about the dvd. The dvd seemed very home made and bad.His Girl Friday (1940) [Remastered Edition]
Ouch!: I like Cary Grant, but I hated this movie. The acting was OK, and there were certain scenes which were very amusing, but the constant chatter throughout the film almost drove me nuts! From beginning to end, there was so much constant talking that it seemed like I was at an auction! Very fast paced and funny in places, this is nevertheless not one of Grant's better films.
This screen gem deserves better: I am in love with film. The Ben Hecht script is priceless, the acting extraordinary. This is, of course, a black and white film, and it has a distinct play like feel about it (no exterior shots, limited number of interior sets). Of course it was based on the play "The Front Page".However, the reproduction of this classic was just plain awful. I see that reviewers recommend the Columbia Classics version. I wish I had read those reviews first.
Bad transfer ruins good movie: This transfer suffers from the same problems reported by other Amazon shoppers for the D3K edition of "Charade". It seems like D3K masters their discs from broadcasts by Encore or AMC. Unless you've got to have it, wait for some else to do a better job or buy the VHS.
Ramblin' Rose: I did not enjoy watching this DVD, because the actors talked so fast I had to glue my eyes and ears to the TV trying to follow the dialogue. I understood why they talked so fast, because in R. Russell's book LIFE IS A BANQUET, she told how she had hired someone to add extra "smart-aleck" lines to the screenplay to add interest. In my opinion, it ruined the movie! That style of dialogue was not unusual for the era in which the movie was made, I realize.
Cary Grant at his best: For those that have never seen a Cary Grant movie, this is a good place to start. The dialogue is rapid fire, the acting is superb. Rosalind Russell is the perfect match for Cary in this flick, with Ralph Bellamy adding a great contrast. Do not miss it. If you are collecting Grant movies, this needs to be in your collection.
Rosalind Russell Rules: Cary Grant is great in HIS GIRL FRIDAY--Cary Grant was great in everything he ever did--but it is Rosalind Russell who makes this film for me. She was an atypical film actress for her day, playing a middle ground between the typical starlet and the tough-gal Betty Davis type. Russell is tough, tart, and totally believeable as Grant's ex, an independent beauty who wants a man but can do without him too.Whadda woman!As for the script, it's one of the wordiest around, quick and clipped, witty and inescapeably sharp. If Charles Lederer wasn't recognized for this screenplay, there was fraud afoot.
Saving the Jews - Great Book!: This book is fascinating, very well written, and meticulously researched. It provides an authoritative analysis of Roosevelt's response to the Holocaust. I could not put it down. As Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. said, "If there is a single book to read, 'Saving the Jews: Franklin D. Roosevelt and the Holocaust' is the one. This is an essential book for students of U.S. policy toward the Holocaust." This book examines WWII, the Holocaust and FDR's perspective as events were occurring - in the context of the time. It helps the reader understand the reaction and response of Americans, American Jews, and FDR to Hitler's mass murder. It is a must read. Also, there are many footnotes and sources listed if the reader wants additional information on any particular point.
Bought two of these curling irons in one week.: This curling iron is great because of the 5/8 barrel.Its perfect for fine medium length hair.Why this size is so hard to find is beyond me....Helen of Troy makes the best curling iron have replaced most of mine with Helen of Troy..Received the product quickly and will re-order in the near future for other beauty products.
poorly made earrings: the earrings were cheaply made and were not the same size. One was smaller than the other...the earrings were returned.....
The truth of the Faith: This is the book that convinced me of the truth of Catholicism and convinced me to convert from Anglicanism. While Keating does get bogged down quite a bit in responding to and shooting down fundamentalists, this book clearly and calmly works through basically every Catholic/Protestant disagreement and shows, very often directly from Scripture, the truth of the Catholic position. Incredibly convincing.
Miss advertised: This item is advertised as a DVD however, when it comes in the mail it is actually an old VHS. When calling customer service they advised it was just a misprint and "eventually" someone will pick up on this and change it. Meanwhile, I purchased an item I do not have the technology to utilize. Very disappointed in the product and Amazon.
Warning - DVD does not play in computers: I saw this movie a long time ago and liked it. Unfortunately,the DVD is "copy protected" and will not play on mostcomputers unless you have CSS cracking software. Too bad.I don't want to buy a DVD player just to watch a few DVD'sso I play them on my computer. But not this one.
Honoring Charlie Parker: This is a fantastic movie with lots of special features. It doesn't matter if you're a fan of Forest Whitaker as an actor, Clint Eastwood as a director or Charlie Parker as an artist (which I am, am and am now). It's just a great movie that honors a man who greatly influenced jazz and influenced all modern music. You'll see some important history from that era.
GREAT NEW ORLEANS R&R: Bobby Marchan was a true original, singer, emcee, female impersonator. This is great stuff from New Orleans back when they had a lot of great rock and roll acts (Fats Domino, James Booker, all the great old stuff produced by Alan Toussaint on Minit records, Irma Thomas, Betty Harris, Ernie K. Doe, Lee Dorsey, among others). This CD will definitely get your feet moving!
Airplane Enthusiasts will love: My little guy loves everything airplanes, and he loves this DVD. He's watched it numerous times and still enjoys it. he's learned alot from it too.
...another third-generation classic...: For myself, I prefer the 3rd Jethro Tull line-up. For my listening pleasure, the best Tull tracks included Barriemore Barlow drumming. Here again, with HEAVY HORSES, you are allowed into the genius that is JT. The tune "Pussy Willow", comes to mind. A gentle sonata, leading the listener to a series of Martin Barre's tightly-held chord progressions. And concluding with a three-part harmony clearly of note. Just buy it . You will obtain many hours of listening enjoyment. And here again, any self-respecting TULL fan already has this CD.
Best Tull album ever!!!: This is probably my favorite Tull album. Another fantastic mix of acoustic folk music sounds and hard rock. My favorite songs here are Moths, The Mouse Police Never Sleep, and the title track.
Pretentious drivel: Dum-de dah-dee dah dah ...... Totally absent from this heap of mediocrity . As exciting as a slow release of gas under one's seat . And about as meaningful .
Jimmy Wilson's "Future History": With Future History, Jimmy Wilson creates an enchanting masterpiece of sound that introduces jazz-fusion to world music to African rhythms. Each track tells its own story and takes you along on its journey, vis a vis the creative collaboration of several notable artists such as Chester Thompson, Dennis Chambers, Scott Ambush, Gerald Veasley, Gary Grainger, George and Geoff Hazelrigg. Wilson blends the styles of Lee Morgan, Clifford Brown and Miles Davis to this unique sound experience of melodic and often sultry songs. The tightness of the playing of all artists mediates us a new sound-experience, never heard before.
The title says it all.: This is certainly a very stupid movie. I really don't see why anyone ever bought this script! First of all, the comedy was sensless, there was nobody who had a clue about life, and come on, what kind of a bad guy was that? Surely they could have done a better job than that.
Spiderman is good, wall not so much: My son adores spiderman. I got this for him for Xmas, oh the look on his face! The action figure is very durable. Poor thing has been thrown all over our house and has managed to stay in perfect shape. The wall/door assembly is hard to assemble and stay together. Granted, it is meant to be "demolished" by spiderman, but it shouldn't fall apart before he gets there. A younger child may become very frustrated with this. It would be great if you were getting this for display only purposes. My son gave up after a day or so with this background piece; he doesn't even touch it anymore.
Great value, No-brainer purchase...: I bought this GPS for my gf and if she doesn't get lost neither will you. She is using advanced features and she absolutely loves the device. The unit is small, but I think a perfect size for the car and she can put it in her purse easily when she leaves the car. The suction mount for the windshield works perfect. I read reviews about the UI being slow, and it is somewhat but do not let that discourage you from purchasing... It's an amazing device, loaded with great maps 2D and 3D, POIs, good looking UI, music player, photo viewer... and TONS of settings and options. I may buy one for myself...
Navigator: Ive seen some expensive Gps, and i must say for the price i paid on this was absolutely worth the money, Im very Happy.
Good buy.: For the price I got this for, it is a good buy. I have a Mio C220, my cousin has a Mio C230, and this came very close to either of those, in terms of maps and POI.
Think twice before making this purchase: I recently purchased this product which I am very dissatisfied with. I called technical support since the device could not find maps so the technician decided I should install the software to find out that the software is not supported by Macintosh computers. Not to mention I was on hold for over an hour and found technical support to be very rude and unsuccessful. His solution to the problem was it's a new product it just came out. So basically I have a device that I can't use. I hope you find this review helpful because I don't want anyone to go through what I did.
Fast paced, interesting, and funny too!: After starting this book, I was hard pressed to put it down. The plot and characters were both interesting, and it was fun trying to guess who the real killer was - although it turns out I was correct on my first guess. What was really good about this book, though, was that it had some really humorous moments in it that offset the serious parts very well. This was my first Bernhardt book, but I am looking forward to reading the rest of his books.
I never received this product from Amazon: I never received this product from Amazon. Amazon ignored my e-mail telling them that I did not receive this product. Apparently there is no accountability of who received this product at my address. I now purchase this product from another company even though I am an amazon affiliate with their products on a number of websites.
Not enough vibration: This was not worth the money spent. I think if it was a more high powered it would be a lot more satisfying. I bought this for my partner and I and neither one of us really enjoyed it.
Not A Good Purchase: Only one half of the product worked the first time we tried it. It was also very cheaply made and loud. I called the company, and they did agree to send me a replacement. When the replacement came it started to smoke as soon as I turned it on (thank God I tried it before I decided to use it!). On top of that the company wrote that it was an adult novelty product right on the package when they shipped it (so much for "discreet" packaging!). The company offered that I could choose any product from their website as an apology. Unfortunately, there were no prices anywhere....I didn't want to get something worth $5, so I asked them to send another Adonis to me. I turned it on, and it didn't smoke, but I really have no desire to use it after the grief it's caused me. I was incredibly disappointed with how cheaply made this product was, and will never order a Berman product again.
Armalaser cant stay put on Glock 17: Mounted according to specs this aiming device will not keep accurate placement on a Glock 17. The front of the device has no mounting hardware. It depends soley on the trigger guard to support it from the rear, so when the housing is banged around either from drawing from holtster or slapping into your palm the laser housing goes way off center unsupported at the front. At 10 yards it is off by 2 feet! I would not wish to be caught in a home defense situation with my laser pointing at something my sights tell me I am not going to hit! This device for the Glock 17 to work correctly needs a better mounting system to stop the front of the device from shaking itself off center. My phone call and e-mail to Armalaser went unanswered. So much for customer support. Anyone want to buy a expensive cat toy???? Looking at Crimson Trace right now.
horrible quality: Horrible video quality...almost non watchable. Story is fine but the quality of the video leaves alot to be desired. We were barely able to watch it because of the video quality.
Talk about a Bad Concept: This product would have been better if they would have created their templates built over existing MS Office programs, so that the functionalities inherent to Word/Powerpoint/Excel could be taken advantage of, and so that you could, for example, paste in your concept map as a powerpoint slide, etc.Instead, they created their own little proprietary software which is so limited that it makes it inflexible.In the future, they should just build it over MS office- everyone with a PC or a Mac can use Office. Then Mosby could even sell more copies every time Microsoft came up with a new version of office. I don't see why they are trying to re-invent the wheel.Mosby comes into Nursing classes with their sales force in the beginning and tries to sell us on the idea of their whole Evolve System & resources, some components of the system fall short and don't work together. This is one of those. I don't recommend it.
good but could be more mathematical: I like this book 'bout being very concise and detailed about the various synthesis processes, but a bit more mathemtics could get some of my curiosities fulfilled. The theory is excellent and understanding the different synthesis types is a breeze; the flowcharts are intuitive and diagrams are detailed. I love the presentation of each topic, and the humour of the author while reading it. A great starting point for music technology enthusiasts but no advice on programming synths or using advanced software like reaktor, so it could be more expansive on some perfomance and programming areas. Overall great reading value.
Technical: Not exactly what I was searching for.Definitions, technics theory, not enough practical exercisesBasic terminology, I need more practic
This really is the canine's privates: I bought this book when I first started on my Music Technology degree... I'm now just finishing my final year project, and I have to tell you... this book has been a fantastic help. Quite a lot of what is contained within is more information than I've needed personally, but if you have a real interest in the nitty-gritty of sound synthesis, then this is the book for you. Fantastic. You can hear how this book has helped my band by visiting www.groovedealer.com and checking out our mp3s. Also, we have free soundfonts available for download... so come check us out.
Hmm, not bad for America :P: Konnichi wa! If you look at reviews of a few other SM videos you may recognize Usagi-Bunny. I don't watch many dubs, but before I discovered the subbed Sailormoon S I was a dubbie. :p Baka me! Anyway, on to the movie. It was *okay*. I didn't give it one star because I liked the ep where they defeated Jedite. (Jadeite is the CORRECT spelling)! I wish they had this movie subtitled and in my beloved Japanese. :) I am not Japanese (most of us on here aren't) but I am learning it and I've fallen in love with this language. Sailor Mars is *okay* but I like her better in the Japanese.
Crazy Jackie: You probably have guessed that I am not that young since I enjoy Jackie Mason.My husband and I laughed a lot with this video.You have to like him to enjoy his type comedy.My husband always likes him but I tend to cringe a little with some of his lines.I have to say that I haven't watched the video at all since the first time....who knows; I may have outgrown him.
The Messenger by Jim Salestrom: Very joyful, inspiring music. Jim Salestrom`s elegant, heartfelt lyrics and beautiful music would cheer up even a Grinch. The Messenger is some of Jim`s best material, and it is wonderful to see it being sold on Amazon.com. Mr. Salestrom is in love with kid and nature (especially the Rocky Mountains of Colorado), and this love really comes through in this recording. Highly recommended for kids of all ages. Warning: cynics will not like this CD!
A monument to political correctness!: I come to this book late--ten years after it was written. Looking at the other reviews, the better of which make my points (i.e,, infuriating anachronisms, unlikely plot and indifferent grammar), I see that this must have been one of the first salvos to political correctness. A National Book Award? It's the subject that wins and damn the actual execution of the book. Ten years later we have excellent books to go to such as Bell's "Slaves in the Family" and the wonderful collection of slave narratives from the Library of Congress archieves, called "Remembering Slavery." Skip the Johnson, it's bad history and worse writing.
annoying voice of Dexter Gordon.: Dexter Gordon's voice is terrible to hear all allong this movie. The French actor plays a stupid fanatic who forgets he has a life. This whole story might be true but the voice is terrible and the rythm of the movie is sloooow. I bought this movie because of your review but after I had seen it I returned it to the store to exchanged it. Compare this movie to Bird or Mo better blues and you will give those two movies a 10. With all due respect to Dexter Gordon's musical genius, Tavernier should have chosen an actor with a better voice. Typical french movies, they throw things at you that you must like because it is supposed to be deep and intellectual. Wrong. as Serge Dassault inventor of the Mirage jet fighter once said: " a plane can be technically the best, but without beauty it isn't a plane.
Round Midnight: The story moves slowly, but with dignity. The music is the star of the film. The musicians are the best in jazz - Dexter Gordon (who also plays the lead character), Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Tony Williams, Freddie Hubbard, Bobby Hutcherson, Ron Carter, John McLaughlin. I just recently discovered this film, and I'm glad I did.
One of the most bizarrely funny books you will ever read.: Harmon Nails, the protagonist, has an unusual wry wit which appeals to intellectuals and burnouts from the 60s. A must read for anyone attempting or contemplating graduate study or anyone who considers him/herself a connesieur of California culture. Join in the fun as Harmon thinks about completing his dissertation until something goes terribly wrong and his volumes of bad poetry (with really great piictures) called "Dr. Syntax" are stolen. Petracca pokes fun at much of what we have held sacred in academia and in California. If you find the renaming of Santa Barbara to "Fiesta City" humorous, seek out a copy of this little volume of adventurous hilarity. It will help you heal your inner demons.
I wouldn't recommend this product to friends or ...: I wouldn't recommend this product to friends or family. The taste, consistency, and texture were offensive to me.
What a great surprise these bars were! I'm ...: What a great surprise these bars were! I'm a hiker and have used other brands of energy bars -- most of which do the trick but taste like sawdust. The Balance Bar is moist and tasty with the added bonus of a yogurt coating. I had one for breakfast and it lasted me well into lunch with no hunger cravings. I love that they are nutritionally balanced and I will certainly take them along on my next hiking trip.
I thought this product was great because it ...: I thought this product was great because it tasted good and the nutritional value is very high. I would really recommend this product to others -- especially those who may be in a program like Weight Watchers. I am in the Weight Watchers program and this brownie is only a 6-point item in the program. So it's wonderful to use as a snack. It tastes just like a regular brownie with nuts in it. I heated them up to enjoy them even more, so they were nice and warm and chewy.
Not-fresh: I bought Yogurt-Honey-Peanut bars from DAB. What I received was not fresh, even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead. Compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores, the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it. The appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems, before even tasting it.I don't think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness, and I don't think I am going to buy from the same seller again.Note: 2 Star is just for quick delivery, nothing else.
I suppose if you're just looking for fuel ...: I suppose if you're just looking for fuel for your body or emergency food to keep in your trunk, then these would be okay. If I'd purchased this box of Balance Bars, I would've brought it back to the store for a refund. The taste was pretty bad, and the consistency was gummy/muddy. It's better if you have it with a full glass of water, although there's a very strong aftertaste. My husband took a bite and spit it out -- the same with my six year old. My two-year-old son, however, seemed to actually like it and will eat a bar as a snack if I broke it up into small pieces. I just couldn't get past the taste. I still have over a box left, which I'll dole out to my son as snacks, but it's defiantly not something I would ever buy or recommend. In fact, if someone told me they were going to buy them, I'd ask if they'd ever eaten them before and if not, I would tell them pick a different product. Big thumbs down on this one!
Always go back to these: I've tried A LOT of different bars over the years. Many serve a specific function like "high protein" for after resistance training or "150 calories or less" for a light snack. In the general, "meal replacement" category, I always seem to come back to Balance Bars, and Peanut Butter in particular. It's not overly sweet like many of bars that try to be more like candy bars and at 200 calories, it satisfies perfectly. I am a Peanut Butter fan and this bar tastes really good. You're not going to think you are eating a spoonful of PB, but the taste, consistency and chewiness all make you feel like you've eaten something. Sometimes bars just disappear and you wonder if you ever ate anything at all! As the name says - this is a nice nutritionally BALANCED bar that will fill in as a nice snack.
unnecessary cruelty: People sometimes ask me "Why do you care so much about Hollyoaks?". My reply to them is always passionate "..because it is the most god-awful, rotting mound of offal; showcasing the talentless mumblings of vacant, hired-purely-for-their-looks imbeciles, in a ridiculously guff, failed-indie-film-maker style!..." I'll often continue for 40 minutes or more on how stupifyingly naff it truly is.To find out that they are now inflicting this dross (albeit in book form) on the unsuspecting people of North America, I was overcome with anger, pity, frustration and general self-loathing.In summary: I'm not a fan.
A thrill a minute: Casper Van Dien does a perfect shallow journalist who matures a little. Catherine Bell does a wonderful job as the eternal research assistant who gets really involved with the investigation. Theresa Saldana does a wonderful job as the self-involved expedience agent.
Incisive Scholarship!...and Taverns!: This is a terrifically written study, which was of great use to me for research, and I can only imagine that for the general reader it would fill in the gaps admirably. So many of the theological imperatives we take as the very landscape of Western culture in fact began with these begging friars. The great thing is that this book allows you to conceptualize how these incipient movements became so influential. I also particularly loved one special detail I learned from this study. Namely that many of the actual classes of the famed University of Paris, forcing ground of the the heights of Catholic theology, for centuries actually took place in taverns [!!] and other unprepossessing spots. In fact, according to the author they continued their tavern classes until fancier digs were constructed around about the 14th Century. I think this this historical tidbit is a great precedent for other tavern- inspired endeavors.
A FINE ENTRY FROM THE MASTER OF ITALIAN HORROR: WHILE NOT QUITE AS GOOD AS PHEMOMENA, THIS IS STILL A GREAT EXERCISE HORROR/SUSPENCE. AND GIVE ARGENTO CREDIT FOR CASTING A TRANSSEXUAL IN THE FLASHBACK SCENES. JUST KNOWING THAT MAKES THEM EVEN MORE FREAKY.
Unless You're Into a Lot of Senseless Gore, A Terrible Movie: As a fan of crime & thriller movies, I am not into senseless gore unless there is a message somewhere in the story that doesn't make the gore senseless (e.g., a Clockwork Orange, Natural Born Killers). There is no such redeeming message in this movie. Can't believe Tony Franciosa played the role that he did.
Anchor Bay Lies Again: When I bought this piece of garbage, the back of the box said uncut, uncensored version. BULL!!!! The Dutch import version entitled SHADOWS has an additional 25 seconds of footage. Anchor Bay has done this on a number of argento releases, claiming they are uncut and they are not. Quit getting ripped off, buy an all region dvd player and order your movies from overseas distributers. It's the only way to get the movies uncut. Companies like Anchor Bay will continue to lie and rip you off.
Beautiful Women and Well Staged Killings: Tenebre is the kind of movie that will keep you guessing until the very end.The killings are done with style and gore and unlike the horror movies of today, the plot is not an afterthought.So if you like a slasher movie that will actually make sense of the violence then see Tenebre.
review: received item in a timely matter, never played still in box. cant rate something that you have not tried out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Leave This One For The "Yard" Birds: Despite the poor sound quality, the first six songs are decent... leading the listener to believe that he or she is going to have an "okay" album... this is not true. The remaining tracks suck peanut butter backwards threw a straw -- bad sound quality, poor album choices, and equally poor artistry.
excellent: This CD has become a Christmas tradition at our house. We always put up our tree and listen to this CD. I have the album, the cassette,and a CD. I'm ordering another CD for my self so I don't have to share with my husband.
HIM so good to be true: I read the reviws and I see that most of you liked 'Join me in death'(HIM)! I have to say that I only bought this CD because of it, it's my favorite group. If you liked the song, you should buy a CD from them. They are not popular in America (you are reading a mexican's fan review), that's bad, they have greater potencial than some really popular bands (Did you know that The Rasmus used to sing their songs?!?)The Soundtrack is very good, I wasn't expecting this.
Modern Combo and Very Good Trombone and Sax: The style here is modern post-bop, jazz with sax and trombone player leader. A release by Jamey Aebersold's label, with trombone virtuoso Herwig in the leader chair. Conrad plays in an exacting and stylish post bop modern style which would fit in well on a Freddie Hubbard or VSOP style combo jazz setting.All players on this album are New York veteran jazz pros. The tune choice is uptempo primarily new compositions, with a few really modern sets of changes. Nonetheless the bone player is not tripped up (I probably would be!) and the whole thing still swings.If you like truly up, modern jazz, this is will be a much appreciated addition to your collection.
A can opener that is a cut above the rest: The Zyliss Safe Edge Can Opener is a tremendous improvement over the traditional can opener. Tradititional can openers often fail to complete the full 360 degree cut; forcing the user to bend the sharp edged disk back and forth before it finally breaks free. Even when the disk is broken free, the extrication of the disk from the interior of the can be a very messy, dirty process.The Zyliss Can Opener cuts on the outside of the top rim of the lid rather than the interior of the lid; there is no problem completing the full 360 degree cut. The resulting lid has no sharp edges. This lid can also be pressed back onto the can and used again to seal the can's contents.I'm so happy with the superior Zyliss can opener design that I will never go back to the traditional can opener.
Awesomely gruesome but trashy.: Movie lacks direction & plot and attention is focused on these bloodthirsting freaks. Script is poor & dumb. Pop Rock Soundtrack is mindless and totally incohesive with the movie. But bravo for the visual transformation on these monsters.
Why was the movie dubbed?: This movie was a real let down. The characters were not even talking themselves. It looked tacky and unprofessional. I have to admit the gore was pretty foul. Made me feel a bid queasy. But apart from that it was ruined by the fact that it was dubbed. Good story though!
Crummy re-recordings: These aren't the recordings you remember and they just doesn't have the punch. Very weak.
Not any good...: I could only read an hour and a half of this poorly written outline. Read, 'A Compact Guide To The Christian Life' by Karen Lee-Thorp. It's much better.
Awful: I agree with the person who wouldn't recommend this toanybody. I watched it out of curiosity, when it was on TV.My girlfriend didn't like it, either. A shame to see talentedpeople in a cliché-filled film. Leonard Maltin was right -- it must have been difficult for the actors to say some of the lines, with a straight face.
When Real Love Comes Along: I loved this movie because it showed that anyone know matter of age or social status can find "Real Love." Eventhough time was a issue just the brief time together caused a lifetime change in the heart.
By-The-Numbers Load of Blech!: This movie is nothing but a cliched creepfest whose laughable storyline consists of Richard Gere pining after some young girl. If the plot doesn't creep the heck out of you, the movie itself will lull you to sleep. Avoid this DVD like the plague!
Where is the chemistry?: This is one of those films where everything is perfect and it still doesn't matter. The film is visually beautiful and Gere and Ryder give polished performances. Only one problem, I really didn't care what happened to the characters. Gere's womanizing Will and Rider's Charlotte have no chemistry. This firework fizzled!
Probably Out Of Date!: * I'm not much of a fan in stock market but I believe the theory given inside this book is out of date.* With the expensive price for this book, I think you should get a better book than this one.
I lost BIG using this system: Since July of last year I have lost over $52,000 using Ted Warren's system. That's just over %85 percent of my account. I can vouch for many others in saying Mr Warren's trading theories don't work. Do yourself a favor and save yourself some money by avoiding this book.
What a Joke!: This book is being hyped by the publisher with positive reviews. The only believable reviews are by the ones who have lost money! I have made my money in the stock and futures markets over the last fifteen years and I have NEVER seen a book that adds so much risk to the investing process. I know many professional traders and some have read this book. Not one of them would dare to risk their hard earned money on the pipe dream that this book pushes. The markets just aren't that simple. If you think you're going to read this book, which isn't even a good book on investing at that, and be able to make competent investing decisions, you're sadly mistaken. Do you think you can learn to play the piano well by reading a book, even if it the best book on piano playing?
A real sleeper: I ordered this book through the Ken Roberts Company and made an easy decision to send it back. To me, this book, like Mr. Robert's own TWMPMM course manual, was far too vague and simpistic about the actual trading methodology and detailed trade entry/ exit steps to really be useful. The accompanying cassette recording of Mr. Warren in a live seminar told the whole story. It almost put me to sleep.
Worst book on investing ever written: All the positive reviews of this book have the air of greenhorns or promoters. I have read this book and it greatly oversimplifies the process of investing to the point where I found myself laughing outloud. A stock going sideways for many months or years means absolutely NOTHING! Sideways action has a %50 chance of being accumlation or distribution by the professionals/insiders. Check out the bases for these stocks: Boston Chicken and Bre-X. They were perfect setups according to Ted's plan. Wanna know where they are now? How about zero, that's right ZERO. Neither one trades anymore. Bre-x went under and Boston Chicken went bankrupt. People who invested their hard-earned money in these dogs with Mr. Warren's terribly inadequet techniques got their proverbial "heads" bitten off. If successful trading in stocks were as easy as looking for sideways action, we would all be rich.
Please, please, PLEASE don't throw your money away on this!!: Hard to fathom how a book might be of less value. There is nothing here but pure hucksterism, and I genuinely hope that people can avoid getting sucked in by this. Get rich quick schemes are notorious for enriching their creators, and leaving their rubes poorer. Shame on me for not knowing better; double shame on YOU if you read these words and decide to order anyway.
A Widow's Walk: You call it a Memoir, I call it a "crying jag journal". I was there, I lost a dear friend and a family friend. The firefighters, the policemen, the people working in the towers are all to be remembered. I'm surprised that this book even got published. Let's honor all the HEROES!!!!
An unbelievably touching book: I originally bought this book for the sole reason that Marian and i were childhood friends who grew up on the same street together in Staten Island. I knew of Dave's death shortly after 9/11 and kept Marian and her family in my thoughts daily.I knew Marian was gifted but was totally unprepared for how much this book would touch me and change my life. I now view the people i love in a different way.Her book was beautiful and so well written. I felt like i can somewhat understand what all of these brave people went through both firefighters and their families, in the wake of 9/11.
Shallow, boring and superficial: I ordered this for my 3-year old daughter for Christmas but when it arrived, I couldn't bring myself to give it to her. Compared to the animated show, the stories here are very shallow and superficial. The stories are very "girly" and not in the positive sense of the word. The values here all seem to be about being pretty and having parties. I ended up giving the book away to a charity. In the future I will probably avoid ordering character-themed books and stick to classic kids books or some of the innovative and beautiful new books that aren't so gimmicky and superficial. I preferred Ladybug Girl for promoting a heroine that was brave, adventurous and imaginative, or some of the gender-neutral books out there.
Cute, little patch...: (Ordered two months ago.) The patch itself is about four inches from top to bottom. It comes in a clipped bag and is easily applied to any shirt, hoodie, etc. You basically leave a heated iron on top of it for a good 20-30 seconds before it stays compressed. Overall, the item looks pretty much how it does in the image provided (click and you can see the actual size). What you see is what you get. Pretty decent purchase. I never consider myself a hardcore anime/manga fan (otaku) - like some - and I don't have massive collections of such on my wall, but this patch was simply a trinket I purchased since Fullmetal Alchemist is one of the few manga I've actually read so far. Might wear off from time to time, but nothing another good, ol', steaming iron can't fix.
Great Christmas Addition!: This is a really fun & jazzy cd. It's perfect background music for parties or just sitting by the fire. His rendition of Rudolph is now my 7 year old's favorite & he does a fabulous version of Let it Snow. Great CD!!
What a disappointment: As a huge fan of Steve Tyrell's other two albums, I was hugely disappointed in this missed opportunity to apply the same gentle jazz/swing arrangements to a selection of holiday standards. Instead, the album offers over-blown arrangements and and no sign of Tyrell's trademark relaxed vocal phrasing. Too bad.
Practice makes perfect: Sometimes, you need to be handed a bat & have a dead horse placed before you in order to understand something fully. Reprise does just that for French grammar. Explanations are very clear, and the exercises isolate aspects of the language in a way few other books do. Although cultural notes are treated in an incidental way, they are, nonetheless, present. The grammatical aspects of the book are excellent, but it's probably not the way to go if you're looking for conversation, communication, and/or cultural competency.
Short Life + Poor Performance = Bad Value: I bought this as a desktop PC backup.A year after installing it, power went off one day when I was at my PC. I thought I would have at least 10 minutes of backup based on my PC and monitor wattage, but the UPS gave out in about two minutes, before I had finished up and shut down. Useless.Then, 4 months after the warranty expired, the beeper sounded constantly, and the power led flashed, indicating the battery was in need of replacement.The bottom line - Spent $70 for a UPS that never did its job the one time I needed it and failed just after two years. No more APC UPS for me...
Short Life: I bought this thing because I lost a memory mod to a power surge. It worked fine at first but now it has no battery life. Recently the power went out and my computer shut off immediately - like it was not on a backup at all. Of course the alarm was still screaming but so what - my computer was already shut off without any warning. I had this thing for two years but I will be going with a different brand next time.
Arakis ain't the middle east: I rented this because I am such an avid fan of Dune, the book, and David Lynch's vision. I was not only disapointed, but rather angry at the attempt to simplify the Fremen's culture by suggesting that they were in fact nothing more than Arabs on Earth's african continent. They appeared to practice the muslim religion, wore Arab garb.... no still suits! Just traditional Arab dress. The acting was want, with the exception of the costuming the entire effort was a miss. They had a lot more time to address the scope of the book, but missed this opportunity and dumbed down a terrific story. Maybe they were playing to a more adolescent audience. Whatever I did'nt like it.
Great miniseries: Let's be clear. This is not the movie ! Hence, the special effects are less. To me that was not a problem though. It's a great miniseries. The only thing I really didn't like were the over the top costums: to big, to much.And what about the 'Director's cut'. Well it's actually the same as the dvd version you could buy in The Netherlands, but there is one big advantage. This US version has a very interesting commentary track and a lot of specials that inform you about the production. The special about the translites is the most interesting. And what is also important, the picture quality of this US version is much better than the Dutch or European versions. So everyone in Europe. If you have a region free dvd-player: buy this version !
Utter trash: The only things worse than the acting were the laughable costumes. Special effects are pathetic. If you're really curious, rent it. I can't imagine anyone wanting to actually buy this. Garbage.
Ruining a classic: Though this version of Dune was more towards the book in many ways, it lacked in certain areas that the early movie version had contained. Mainly, the characters and actors in the original were much more satisfying than this version.
UGH!: I bought this DVD in mid June, 2001 primarily because I missed the MINI SERIES when it showed on TV. Before I received it, I was able to see it on a neighbor's system. Watching this version was somewhat of a LET-DOWN. It is NOT even close QUALITY WISE [acting, video or audio effects], to the 1984 version. When my copy arrived from AMAZON, I unwrapped it and filed it away for viewing on a rainy day. [At the time I had about 1000 DVDs in my collection. Now I have more] About 6 months later, I pulled it out to watch on my JVC DVD changer. It skipped so much that I STOPPED my DVD player and put it back in my collection and grabbed something else to watch. As of JANUARY 2006, this is the only DVD that WON'T play on my system. This DVD deserves a [0] star rating.
Intelligent science fiction!: Yes, we thought it would never happen, but this is actually a smart and well-made sci-fi flick. Well, it's more along the lines of an adventure epic set on an alien planet, so those expecting a lot of outer space travel might be disappointed (the underrated Mission to Mars would be a better film in that regard). Dune's biggest strength lies in its compelling narrative. The story is rich, beautiful, and truly epic in nature. Thankfully, John Harrison captures all this superbly, giving the movie an often elegant touch that was so desperately needed in the original movie. I do believe there is a director's cut getting released soon, so I'll be anxious to see what other material will be added (Which could make an already great movie into an even better one!)
Lacking: Being a big fan of Dune I was eager to see the series. I was however very dissapointed with the style, effects and especially the acting. The second rate actors made it very hard to get into the story beneath. Although it followed much more closely to the details from the book I found it inferior to its predicesor.
An excellent adaptation: I know what you might think- that this was a film made for TV, and those aren't ever that good. This movie is the exception to the rule, and having read the book and seen the older film, I think it's the better of the two. Now, of course, the old Dune is a classic with its famously huge budget and such notable names as Patrick Stewart in it. That fact means it'll always be considered the greater film. Nevertheless, this version is more accurate to the book, and the book is the best version of Dune there is! Do not be put off by the paucity of superstars in the cast list, or by the huge 4-hour runtime. I found the miniseries to be a stimulating and attractive version of this most famous example of sci-fi literature. The special effects are well done, and the acting is superb. Without a doubt, this is something no Dune fan should miss.
Good Sci Fi: I like this movie. Sticks to the book pretty much. One thing that I noticed that they left out was the name that Paul chose. Sure the movie only kept Muad d'ib, but in the book he's known as Usul and Paul Muad d'ib. Other than that, I hardly noticed things wrong.
Watch how you order: The AL8 had been 'repackaged' and the instructions and owner's manual in the box were for a Sony BluRay DVD player (useful, right?). Had to go online to download them from Bose. Installed according to instructions and nothing worked. After many hours of troubleshooting, called Bose Tech Support. The Amazon vendor (Vanns)is not an authorized Bose retailer and the remote control shipped with the Bose Speaker from Vanns was not compatible with my Bose V35 System. When the V35 was introduced, Bose shipped the compatible remote to all their authorized retailers but retailers like Vanns did not receive them. Bose was very nice and shipped me the correct remote for only $99 plus tax, waiving the shipping. Considering I paid the same price at Amazon/Vanns as if I'd ordered through the Bose site, this Amazon purchase cost me $100. Not exactly a savings!
Too much rambling and disjointed: The book never clearly told a continuos story, too many sub-plots that were "forgotten" for most of the book. Read more like a documentary that a mystery thriller I expected
My 3 year old loves this movie.: My son is always asking for me to out this on, which is probably the only thing I don't like about it. LOL It can get to be a bit much after the 3rd time in one day. My husband and I quote it to each other as a joke now.
Guy Manos should die: Worst movie ive seen in a while. About as bad as Demolition Man, where there were gay lines like: Black Guy: "I'm a blast from the past!" Stallone: "You should have stayed there!"Rodman should get an Oscar for his part.(sarcastic) He did nothing but try to act tough by staring at Baldwin.I only gave it a star cause I was interested in the skydiving info. The shots were pretty good.I about turned off when there was the part:Girl: "What's in the bag?"Baldwin: "My life. I'm cutting away."
very poor quality: Apparently, there is no quality control with maglite anymore. They used to be build like tanks, but no more.I bought two of these recently and they both were very poorly assembled. The switch on one was defective out of the box. It just keeps going off. The other one has a deformed barrel, just enough that a battery got stuck in it. Two out of two are bad. I should have paid a fraction of the price for some "low quality" stuffs from China - at least I could get some use out of them before they had to be thrown away.
Less then okay of a flash light: I was wanting a good small flash light I can use when working on my car, having previous bought a Maglite 3-D flash light, I wanted to buy another Maglite. But this mini flash light is not bright at all, and the beam is very small. The cheap Chinese flash lights I buy are brighter then this one. Overall I am very unsatisfied with this product.
Quit working Thanks: After 8 months and a return not available it stopped working / garbage. Worked great the first 8 months then nothing. Bill
Duty use: This holder is great to have on your belt! You never know when you might have to have your maglite with ya!!!
SUPERB LITTLE WONDER: IT'S AN AMAZING FLASHLIGHT FOR THE SIZE. IT HAS THE LITE INTENSITY OF A ORDINARY TWIN D-CELL FASHLIGHT AND WILL LAST EVEN LONGER. THE ABILITY TO ADJUST THE BEAM IS FANTASTIC AND IT'S SMALL SIZE MEANS I CAN CARRY IT WITH ME CONSTANTLY. HIGH QUALITY AND VALUE FOR THE BUCK ARE IT'S BEST POINTS.
Mag SP2201H 2-AA Cell LED: Maglite has made some welcome updates in their mini flashlight. This is a great LED flashlight for $18 including the batteries. Very bright for the price and Maglite's great build.
This album should not get any mics or stars!!!: Back in the day we all once knew of a cat around the way straight out of NYC called Nas who dropped some of the illest rhymes and beats when he came out with albums "Illmatic" and "It was Written".Nas also dropped some of the illest guest appearances in many other artists albums that I have ever heard but like the saying goes "What goes up must come down".Nas was at the top for the longest time but as time went on he started putting less work into to his albums which isn't hard to tell which is why he is soon to fall off.On this album his has maybe at the most 4 tight songs but those songs don't even touch some of his best ones he had earlier in the years before..If your a Nas fan you gotta wonder how much more trash is he going to put out..
well done cd!!!!!!: If you are a NaS fan you will love this cd!! This cd has many great songs, and one of them is about his mom, who past away. This also contains the hits Made you look, thugz mansion ft 2pac and I can!! NaS is still one of the best out in the hip hop section! Whether you are a NaS fan or not this is a great cd for people who enjoy listening to rap!! Buy this cd!!!
Oh Nas :(: How the mighty have fallen. What a weak, half-hearted this album is. The less said about it-the better. "I Can", "Hey Nas", "Zone Out"...Get outta here!All he gets is one mic...One mic..
remember when hip hop was synonymous with TRUE expression?: there once existed an emcee who had the ability to paint landscapes of haunting beauty.....told stories so detailed that you could literally invision yourself in the same position or situation....acquired the privileged ability to flow like hot descending pop corn butter into an empty bag....this emcee could battle any other contender out there....now, sadly, he has been consumed by the commercialism that he so vehemently & naturally went against....bye for now NAS....until we meet again...until music is once again emblematic of ART...shall you join us?? let's hope....
laughable: Word to Nas--you are not Tupac. You are not an artist. You are not a poet. You are a prententious fool. For substantial, intellectual, and intense hip-hop search elsewhere. Try seven years ago, with Tupac's "All Eyes On Me."
The King has Finally been Crowned: After Listening to So many Other Artists spout their crap, trying to make a dollar, and absorbing Jay-Z's Whack tracks till it hurt, I can finally say that Nas Took the Shovel From his shed and Buried that loser forever. If you ever compared any 2 tracks by NaS and Jay-Z you see that NaS simply represents the Essence Of Hip-hop, The Streets, Unity and Life in The real world, This Commercialist ideology needs to disappear in order for us to get the true message in Hip Hop. I Love Nas Simply because his Music Is inspirational, beatiful and unforgettable. Buy This Record, StillMatic, the Lost Tapes and get your Hands On his Lesser Known tracks, you will Not regret it, and After you do, You will be ready for The next Drop... Peace (R.I., NYC)Respect To The Death.
Ummm . . . No.: i don't know what happened. this cd is horrible. he never had a nice flow. i used to give him credit for his creativity but thats long gone apparently. as far as his beats, nuthin special. u can get good beats from any cd these days. nas needs to hang his mic up. again, his flow his bad, i say stick with eminem or jay-z
Nas gives us a lesson...: on how to be a REAL mc. Songs like Book of Rhymes and Made You Look are instant classics!! He traded his pink suit and large chain from his Nastradamus days, for Malcolm X shirts and ganja. This is a must have cd for anybody's cd collection.
NaS bombs dis one: Unfortuantly nas bombs this one compared to his last cd stillmatic, which was crazy. hopefully his new album Street's Disciple is alot better.
Blends the best of suspense and romance!: As a fan of the author's, but not of the frequently boring romantic suspense genre, I resisted delving into the "In Death" series, but the prospect of a transcontinental flight with nothing to read forced me to try "Naked in Death." I was blown away by the futuristic world, and the details Robb offers add a richness and texture to the stories. Eve Dallas, found at eight years of age, broken in body and spirit and without family, has made herself into someone to be respected. She is definitely rough around the edges. That is part of her charm and part of what attracts Roarke, the enigmatic and powerful billionaire who is a suspect in a string of murders. After reading this first one, I was hooked! The entire series is SUPERB and I am awaiting the next installment with great anticipation!
Wonderful Series: Nora Roberts (writing as J. D. Robb) has written a great series with the In Death books. This is the first of the series and is absolutely wonderful. I have alrady listened to or read all of this series that has been published but am purchasing them on CD now so I can listen to them again. You will love the characters that are in all of these books. Eve Dallas is a police office who is very dedicated to her job, her love interest is Roarke, a multi-millionare you will fall in love with; then there is Peabody, her assistant who wants to be a detective, and Summerset, Roarke's butler. This issue covers murders due to illegal substances. You won't find a single issue of this series that you will not enjoy and try to help Eve solve the murder.
Awful: I asked a friend for recommendations for a mindless beach read, and she suggested this series. I've suddenly lost a lot of respect for her. It goes beyond being a bad book, into downright offesive. What woman behaves this way? It seems assembled from off the shelf parts, by men sitting around a conference table, asking each other what women want.
Good premise, but that's it: A cop in 2058 New York? Bring on the gadgets! Eve Dallas is a good character, and if Ms. Roberts wasn't a romance novelist this could have been a heck of a series. But since she is, she brings in Roarke, the mysterious Daniel Day-Lewis clone Irish billionaire (yeah, I bet New York street cops run into them EVERY day), who proceeds to promptly destroy any credibility Ms. Roberts had going with the story. As much as I hate to admit it, I've read every book in the series (before I gave up reading romance and "romantic suspense" in disgust). All you'll get is futuristic gadgetry combined with mundane murders and pedestrian sex scenes. Hey, Nora, just a bit of advice--even the most in-love couples don't have mind-blowing sex every time. Bottom line--Nora Roberts fans will and do adore this series, others beware!
First time reading this series: I was impressed. I liked the futurist world Roberts created. The new technology and moral beliefs of the public was basically plausible. The protagonist, Eve, was realistic and well rounded. I thought Riley was a bit flat. He didn't show the tarnish of his stated upbringing, but perhaps future books will show this. Just to give a base line, Eve is a detective, Riley is a suspect for multiple murders. The murderer plans to kill a total of six legal prostitutes and is accomplishing it one per week. It is up to Eve to catch the bad guy before he kills again.My only problem with this book was the ending. I predicted it (including the bad guy) the moment he was introduced in the story. Granted, I read alot, so it is easier for me to predict endings, but I still prefer to be surprised and look for that great author that keeps me guessing. I didn't find it here, but I still found liked it and plan to read more.
Back To The Beginning: This was the first in the series. i have read later books and wanted to go back to where they started. Just getting started on a delighted series. Even out of order, the books are the kind you can't put down.
Naked in Death: I've read many of Nora Roberts other books but had never gotten around to starting the "in Death" series. As soon as I picked it up I was hooked. I love the switch on focus from romance to mystery. Besides the great story line the details of how the future has a lot of the same problems we have today were great. The point where Eve Dallas' Autochef burnt her toast was a high point for me. I really enjoyed the chracter of Eve Dallas because it's not often you read of female cops and her constant professional attitude was great. Would recomend this series to any Nora Roberts fans.
The first of a FANTASTIC series: This is a re-release ... but don't let that stop you. This is a fantastic series. If you haven't started reading the series, try it. If you have, then read it again. Actually, I don't have this book in hardback yet ... guess this will be the next addition to my library!
Naked in Death: The characters have potential, however, the end was not much of a mystery - very predictable. I cannot really recommend this book.
borrowing from animal house: Concerning the movie Road Trip, I was curious to know if viewers caught the lifting of Animal House scenes. It seemed so intentional, I thought it may have been done as some kind of tribute:The Tom Green role as an eight year student reminded me of the famous John Belushi line "Seven years of college down the drain"Taking the car of the hapless nerd Kyle (DJ Qualls), for the road trip wheels, was a duplicate of Otter and Boon deciding to commandeer the car of Flounder. Of course, both cars eventually get thrashed.The African American college scene was a mirror image to the Animal House crew inadvertently ending up in a night club obviously frequented by black patrons only.Any others?
HATEABLE: "Road Trip" was almost as bad of a movie as "Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind"!!! There is absolutely NOTHING funny about this tripe. This movie was crap. It is just so stupid. There's too much wasted nudity, and it tries much too hard to be funny, that it isn't.
Road Trip (Dvd Edition): Excellent movie: all actors plays an incredible succesfull game, you don't sytop laughing dureing all the movie but it also makes you follow the entire movie.
SHUTTER ...NEEDS TO GET SHUT DOWN!!!!!: I was very, VERY disappointed in Shutter. Was looking forward to it since I seen the trailer. How can they make the trailer look so good and make the movie so BAD??? LAME & Bord me most this flick!. I love Ghost stories, but this Ghost & scrpit didn't scare me or get me even in edge my seat at least!! Most Ghosts in horror movies have a evil looks and scare, but this one was lame & most the times corny & laughable! I seen the twist coming from a mile away. Most likely everybody did. The acting was average. The last 10 minutes AND ending was REAL laughable & I am still laughing, what the corny ending & B.S they come up with!!! SKIP THIS LAME GARBAGE! C
Just as he described: Ithe iphone was in perfect conditions just as he described; I got it in a short time and when I contacted the seller he was nice and decent... Was a great deal!
not his best work...: If you're looking for "Abraxas" type fireworks, forget it. Seems as if this CD was done to fulfill a contractual obligation, they should have kept this one in the can. I borrowed this from my local library, I would have been upset if I had paid for it. I guess even an extremely talented and creative guy like Carlos Santana has an off day...
What I wanted: I didn't care much for any other track on the CD, but I only wanted it for the title track. So I got what I wanted. No complaints.
By far the worst movie ever made.: Snow day appauled me. It physically hurt me to watch this movie. What made this movie so bad?? EVERYTHING. All this movie consists of is the assault of a harmless snowplow man and weather reporter. I never even wanted to see this movie, but the fact that Chevy Chase was in it duped me into watching it.
its an okay movie: well i saw this movie a long time ago and i dont remember laughing at any parts of the movie i only remember watching small parts of the movie and i kind of liked this movie this movie i belive only has action but no comedy its not the greatest movie ever but its not bad eaither just give this movie a try!!!
Fantastic Winter Blues movie: Great movie to watch when you have a case of the Winter Blues. This movie is fun for all ages. Best to watch on a cold winter day under the covers with a nice hot cup of hot chocolate. Also reminds me that it's nice every now and again to stay in when the weather is bad and just have some good quality time with your family and friends or even by yourself.
Funny narrating, lame stories: The language is very witty and entertaining. However the plots are thin, forced and ridiculous. The characters, especially the female ones, are not believable. Overall, pretty lame stories told in humorous language.
Nothing but Excellent: I loved Mistress because it portrays the "behind the scenes" of what producing a movie is truly about. I loved Sheryl Lee Ralph in this movie because it portrays what just be me going on in our movie industry. Sheryl is an excellent actress and need to be seen in more excellent movies. Excellent producing/directing on DeNiro's part.
SO much better than Sony's DSC-T1: I bought this camera after much research. It is superior to its Sony counterpart T-1 in almost every way:+It is about 50 g lighter than the T-1, which is quite substantial. It weighs no more than my cell phone when I put it in my pocket.+Image stabilization!+The material the camera is made of is better looking than the dull T-1.+Cheap memory cards, it uses SD cards, not the Sony Memory Sticks, which is 1/2 the price of the Memory Sticks+It's NOT SONY!+LCD screen is bigger than the T-1+Cheaper batteries than the Sony T1One thing I have to warn you though, the movie mode spits out .mov files, which is only compatible with Apple QuickTime. Personally, I much prefer the .avi format other cameras offer, but it's a worthy tradeoff, I never use the video mode anyways.Overall, I highly recommend this camera, I've gotten countless "oohs and ahhs" from people, which is more than I can say about the Sony T1, as way too many people have that.
good for the price: My husband loves Maglite, i bought this one thinking it was the same as his black 1, and i was surpised that it wasnt as bright. But then i noticed it wasn't LED as is his other one. It is still pretty bright and i personally wouldnt have paid an extra $8 for LED. so overall happy with it
Talk about your pieces of crap!: This is a funny book about the worst moments in professional wrestling. It is a spinoff of the website of the same name. The main difference between the two is that on the website individual crap is looked at, while here in the book, the various crappy aspects of wrestling are strung together to form a larger story. What I mean by that is that the chapters will usually focus on what happened in WCW or the WWF during a particular time period. There are a few exceptions, like a chapter all about the Ultimate Warrior and one about Hulk Hogan's "acting" career. If you are the type of person who likes to laugh at the "worst" of anything, you should get some chuckles out of this book.
Mostly boring.: I guess if you're one of those lucky people who has more money and time than they know what to do with, W is for you. This magazine focuses mostly on rich people, the clothes they buy, and the parties that they attend. I'm not just talking celebrities, either. If that was the case, then perhaps W would be onto something. But no... W prefers to devote at least half their articles to spotlighting people like Eugino Lopez, "heir to the vast Jumex juice fortune." And then they tell us about their beachfront properties, glittering social circles, and $1,700 Louis Vuitton Murakami purses. I don't know about you, but anyone who is willing to pay that much for something that looks like an embossed leather Hot Pocket isn't worth paying $4.50 to read about.
Where are my magazines?: I bought my subscription on amazon for W on the first of january and since have recieved one issue, which was the introductory January one...it is now mid-April and i've yet to recieve a second? Needless to say I am very upset with W magazine for taking my money as I am an avid reader who works in the fashion industry. I just want my magazines. Thanks.
Average View of European Countries: There are some really breathtaking scenes in Sweden,Norway and Finland....they are just mesmerizing!They show sheer natural beauty that is abundant in these countries. However,the effort fails to capture anything about Spain and Portugal at all...there are only passing references to Madrid and Lisbon that might have been a little better. In some places the photography is just high class....but at the same time in other places the camera work is really poor...showing only dark images.This sure doesn't help. In its informational content I feel there is a lot to be desired.It is able to provide only a broader picture...some elaborate descriptions might help. In short,the feature can be rated as average.It could have been presented in a more dramatic fashion.The narration is not very good either.
THIS IS THE BEST PIANO CD EVER!!!!!!!!!!!: Wow, I can not say enough good things about this cd! Every song is highly enjoyable, great interpretations of jazz classics, and very soothing and relaxing. My favorite song from it is "Since I Fell For You." "Somewhere in Time" is a great track as well. Perfect music for a candlelit dinner or just to mellow out. Anyone who thinks this is elevator music needs to be more open-minded. If you are a fan of beautiful piano music you will thoroughly enjoy this cd.
I love it!: Very beautifull!! Two collors, because when we put white light on this flashlight, it be blue!!I love it!!
